David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And just a reminder again marissa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She was she was a major or like a sorceress.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bard she was a bar she was a bard and I kept thinking that she had like better spells than.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speaker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because I was like what the Fuck like she's so powerful and like kicking ass and I was like why doesn't the secret do that, like, why does the secret like just like destroy people, the way that marissa was.
Timothy Sackton: yeah she might have slightly better spells one speaker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She had some super powerful spells I was like holy Fuck I kept I kept forgetting what what character class she was and then she was just like fucking people up, I was like damn.
Timothy Sackton: Well counter spell is very useful.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah she had some good spells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, sorry, let me grab some music here um let's see.
Timothy Sackton: We can start with.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: I would say it's maybe right so it's.
Timothy Sackton: early November, and you know I think and are you've sort of just gotten your bearings and have.
Timothy Sackton: Come to.
Timothy Sackton: reconnect or you've you've learned that you're probably staying somewhere in town so so the setup here right so where on this this main.
Timothy Sackton: role 20 map right where review and marissa live are sort of on this peninsula and these abandoned towers.
Timothy Sackton: And I would say you've probably you know taken rooms in in town, possibly, it was yours in was here is the mix character owns one of the main ins and town, the Leviathan.
Timothy Sackton: But you have.
Timothy Sackton: You know just to get things started i'll say you've.
Timothy Sackton: come out here to this.
Timothy Sackton: You know this Peninsula to reconnect with Rio.
Timothy Sackton: So, in a typical cold rainy November day what is real doing.
Timothy Sackton: going to describe your character as and or walks up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, where is he walking up to are we in town or is he coming to my watchtower.
Timothy Sackton: Know he's coming to your watchtower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this is not toggle revisited right, this is.
Timothy Sackton: This is mark confederacy enroll 22nd.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because, as Andrew probably were remembered from from his youth, but you know there's a series of watchtowers up along the edge of the coast and.
i'll see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Review you hear from town that you know ryu has has taken up residence in one of those towers, it was also like got he's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got a bunch of little hideouts a bunch of little like codes and places, because you know he's grown up here, so he knows, like every little nook and cranny of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wall and everything extremely well on but there's a particular tower, with a particular the good view 360 view of the day that that he's taken up so you can see out into the bay, but then also look out into the ocean and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so there's a it's probably like now like, of the towers, one that has been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, kept up pretty well because you know reuse gotten some friends and spend some time like upkeep a little what quite well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's it's you know watchtower with like a staircase both on the outside and then also there's you know potentially some some stuff going on in the inside, to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And if you kind of like go like around the edge of the Tower there's like a little deck area life on the second level that's just out out, and you know there's a little fire pit and kind of has this really be beautiful view of the ocean, and so what time of day, is it right now enter.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it's the late morning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Late morning perfect yeah So if you if you come out, you know late morning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you know reuse is often and he is right now, just like sitting on that little kind of second deck there with a fire going and it's you know the fire is like just covered, but you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A couple seats up there, and you see like a little you know some some some tea or something brewing on top of the fire and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Reuse just kind of like sitting there and then you see, at the very, very top of this power purchase the very top of the Tower this this beautiful like blue spray that's just kind of like park perched over there and just like staring out of the ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and reuse just kind of you know kind of chillin like you see him like wiggling something with a knife.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you as you walk up and so review review has got you know very, very long hair normally tied up in a top notch top novel you haven't seen you, since he was like you know quite young so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so now he's got you know it's it's you know, like when he was a kid to also have like a long while the hair so it's kind of like that, but you know but tied up into a more respectful looking been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And he's got like a really big like kind of black cloak and robe just you know, keeping them warm by the fire as.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you as you walk up and what what is, what does Andrew look like.
Rev. David (he/him): So Andrew is in his.
Rev. David (he/him): Mid to late 30s and in.
Rev. David (he/him): sort of no nonsense battered up.
Rev. David (he/him): plate Armor.
Rev. David (he/him): You can see dense and patches, this is clearly made for use.
Rev. David (he/him): With a great cloak over all of it against the cold and an absolutely massive sword he'll stick slung across his backs to get over his shoulder.
Rev. David (he/him): walking across the land, you know up the path with a.
Rev. David (he/him): You know sort of subtly but clearly scanning the landscape, as he goes like a person very much present in the world that he's moving through.
Rev. David (he/him): and
Rev. David (he/him): Coming up to the Tower will look up and show.
Rev. David (he/him): How were you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were you kind of like looks out like at the distance, as he sees this figure approaching.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who goes there traveler and how do you know my name is still kind of like looking.
Rev. David (he/him): You don't recognize an old friend 20 years later.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Think, you might have to get a little bit closer the voice sounds familiar, but it can't be.
Rev. David (he/him): Remember the time we swim out to the farthest rock.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're going to try to kill me later today aren't you Andrew.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does that really do.
Rev. David (he/him): You used to live in comb your hair in two decades.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey I mean what do you expect you're alive holy shit oh.
Rev. David (he/him): push my.
Rev. David (he/him): hook back to show a completely bald head.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's about right.
Rev. David (he/him): When some loose me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You I cannot believe you are alive, we haven't heard from you in in 20 years.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah well.
Rev. David (he/him): In the beginning there was no way to get word back and well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here first come up and get out of the rain review kind of waves him up to the to the you know up the steps of the tower and then then kind of like properly like looks at him and it's like holy shit man it's you and gives you like a really, really big hug.
Rev. David (he/him): pulling it tight for that book man, so you live in in the bed and tower, this is pretty sweet things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you have no idea, this is actually just the watchtower there's a the caves that I live in are actually that I really spend most of my time in are down below but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: During the morning and it's sunset kind of can't beat the view over here, so this is where I like that I like to hang but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You must be are you are you tired, are you are you hungry you want some tea, or just just had some breakfast a little bit, but i've got some some starting some fish for you.
Rev. David (he/him): See would be wonderful i've been in town for the better, part of a week now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Even a week hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): And you might be the only person still alive, who I even know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean there's, a lot has changed since you've been you've been gone, I mean I think when I think about the crew.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From when we were kids none in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, half left another quarter dead or injured another quarter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there still there still still some slower out there's still something around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then you know everything's changed, but nothing has changed now.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah I hear that they still looks like shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Plus that looks like shit but things have changed in some interesting ways I think since you've left, if you are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You heard about the gotcha.
Rev. David (he/him): All right.
Timothy Sackton: i've heard that's always been.
Timothy Sackton: I mean God has always been a thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Once I was asking you about him so he would would he know about it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah he would know about the oh, I thought you're asking me about something else.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This this shorts know about Gaza.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I taught them a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay good.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): I remember, though.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean, I know what we knew, when we were kids but.
Rev. David (he/him): Tell me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the ocean reef just gives kind of a glance up there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Ocean is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How to say it, then the oceans alive, I mean we knew it was alive, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's even more alive than we thought I mean there's one thing like swim out to the farthest rock.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's a whole nother fucking thing to see and interact with beings in the ocean that are just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beyond your imagination, I mean some of the shit i've seen over the past 20 years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's intense man, and you know the gazza I mean I feel like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You like reaches into a part pouch and pulls out a Pearl at this like beautiful like just you know silver Gray, like sparkling Pearl.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We would never be able to catch or even see like one of these pearls and now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean it's not easy to get them and i've got a lot of practice now but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oceans getting fucking weird man there's a lot of strange energy out there, a lot of addicts now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Would uh would enter know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's what's up what's Eric character's name again.
Timothy Sackton: truck proc I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I probably would have been later.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you know there's a whole trade for it now and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean that's kind of how i'm a part of my living to you know my i'll go out and find some of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The bigger features that have been swimming around in the ocean and just absorbing absorbing the Gaza and it's making them weird man it's making its making the whole ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's hard to say it any other way than the oceans alive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In a really powerful and profound way that I think we're still figuring out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what i'll happen to you man like where have you been like you like that sword Jesus Christ.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: figure out how to fight, or what it's.
Rev. David (he/him): it's a little ridiculous isn't it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): You know they sent me when I I spent the first five years.
Rev. David (he/him): angry and resentful and trying to scheme out a way to come back home again.
Rev. David (he/him): Five years in I realized I got.
Rev. David (he/him): really good and.
Rev. David (he/him): As much as I never had any clue what I was going to be doing when I was here.
Rev. David (he/him): beyond just.
Rev. David (he/him): Finding the next crazy dare to get everyone into.
Rev. David (he/him): There was finally some sense in my life.
Rev. David (he/him): Within a few years after that a man under my command and a few years after that was up in the frontier I spent.
Rev. David (he/him): i've been set foot in the ocean and five years, I took off my boots yesterday and I waited in got up to my ankles that's the deepest water i've been in a few years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have got to be kidding me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: humid away from the ocean for five years.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah England fighting orcs on the northern border Ross.
goblins.
Rev. David (he/him): Trolls is hot goblins.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, yeah it's.
Rev. David (he/him): couple of months ago now, big big big battle i'd never seen anything quite like it before.
Rev. David (he/him): We kick their asses.
Rev. David (he/him): And he pauses sort of lost in thought drifting away into that memory for a minute and takes it off and takes a SIP of tea and says.
Rev. David (he/him): After that I decided i'd had my fill it had been 20 years they offered me another five but.
Rev. David (he/him): figured it was time to come home at least see what's here figure out what the hell i'm going to do with the rest of my life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Under his back this is fucking crazy man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey you know there's definitely a bunch of people I got introduced you to.
Rev. David (he/him): huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah to be my buddy truck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably me was here if you've been in the Leviathan, yet the in the in in town.
Rev. David (he/him): Do they're more probably yes yeah stood there are a few nights.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And miss a giant fucking in with a huge skeleton of a Leviathan inside the you know it's a bit Austin he blood and the guy uses a fucking he uses he hangs coats on the fucking scale, I mean it's like.
anything.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean it's just this is a little I I personally am not into that part but whatever um but yeah that was some people introduce you to and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, are you what are you gonna do right now man, are you trying to just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: reactivate a little bit and.
Rev. David (he/him): Actually, this route.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm a little bit at the end of my rope.
Rev. David (he/him): But.
Rev. David (he/him): I would have come here sooner, but I spent the better part of the last week looking for anybody I none of my grandmother's people are here anymore someone says, I might have a cousin somewhere up river, but.
Rev. David (he/him): You know that stuff before I go on a wild goose chase for cousin I don't really think exists.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I mean, I would say first off like you should stay in crusher if you have any other place to stay I got plenty plenty of space here, and you know, again, there are other caverns down below I can show you that are pretty sweet, so you should stay here with me for this stretch and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: figure it out from there man, I mean, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, like, I said that the town is change but it's also has not changed, you know as you can tell, I mean there's definitely aspects of it that are that have evolved quite a bit, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think you'll see to I mean you know there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not doll i'll tell you that much there is crazy shit that's been unfolding over the past bunch of months, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: More people coming from who knows where I mean some crazy shit treasure maps some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's been a lot more activity, I would say in the past months and months and there's been a while, so if you're looking for something to do there's definitely plenty of things to do um so you know just to let you know.
Rev. David (he/him): wouldn't mind getting into a little bit of trouble before I head on.
Timothy Sackton: So as you're talking i'm review you see.
Timothy Sackton: The somewhat shady friend of yours json kind of lurking around the base of your tower trying to catch your eye and sort of wave up to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah json what's up.
Timothy Sackton: Calls up.
Timothy Sackton: I got some news for you, and he looks kind of suspiciously it and or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're not going to know Andrew json but on Andrew has been in Marwan before you before before you're even here man, but super old friend, you can say in front of him is fine what's up.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: Can I come up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Please come on up.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of looking you know he's got it he's got a good Oh, you know what a de polan sort of scruffy.
Timothy Sackton: You know hasn't changed in a couple of days, you know a bit of dirt in his hair muddy boots.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of look like hell man.
Timothy Sackton: just got back from.
Timothy Sackton: s girl.
Timothy Sackton: This is a lizard assault lizard folk village that's about a.
Timothy Sackton: Half a day's sale, maybe a maybe a day, depending on the weather north of here.
Timothy Sackton: there's.
Timothy Sackton: No interesting news about the godson mark as.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You tell.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: Apparently there's been some kind of beast terrorizing the village.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which village.
Timothy Sackton: ask her Allah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Allah Allah what.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know you'd have to go ask people there's some beast some giant thing that swims in the ocean.
Timothy Sackton: And it wants all their guts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interesting.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm thinking.
Timothy Sackton: Some giant beast is trying to.
Timothy Sackton: corner the godson market.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe we can get in on the action.
Timothy Sackton: mean if it kills all the lizard folk.
Timothy Sackton: you're gonna be the prime god's will for us around here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Until it comes for us.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean comes for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's escrow rola on this map.
Timothy Sackton: it's not on this map but it's it's I.
Timothy Sackton: mean it would be very close to home, raise just slightly North upon Bray.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay sorry the primary okay.
Timothy Sackton: But like less than a day sale.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, okay Oh, I mean if it's if it's what's the name of the town is.
Timothy Sackton: Esther own.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shit dude if it's already an escrow rola it's not far from here I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: huh So where do you see what do you propose you propose going up to a squirrel and see what's going on.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, if.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to go i'm giving you a business opportunity here my friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can tell you are on really kind of gives a look over to ender.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know you just been kind of settling in but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know json and a real give them a big pat on the back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of pain in the ass but occasionally does bring on while the opportunity to the table.
Rev. David (he/him): And it makes it a leverage chill looking at the watch that he doesn't have this you know I think my calendar is clear, I i'd be happy to help you corner the market on the illicit substance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have not changed, all these years in the army hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean I got the day free.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You got a big fucking the sword see man i'm kind of curious to see how you do it that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I yeah json, what do you see you want to leave soon this you want to do this today or tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: Oh i'm not coming video i'm not going near some damn giant beast.
Timothy Sackton: Or do you take me for it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it's in the ocean.
Timothy Sackton: While it was attacking the village.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You got any more Intel What did it look like.
Timothy Sackton: killed, some people somebody washed up burned, with a note tied to their neck saying put all your guts on a raft in the middle of the Bay in three days time.
Timothy Sackton: or.
Timothy Sackton: The village will be destroyed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really.
Rev. David (he/him): who writes notes.
Timothy Sackton: hey I didn't ask questions I figured.
Timothy Sackton: Could sneak up there, keep an eye on steal all the gods so when they put it out.
Timothy Sackton: kill two birds with one stone, so to speak.
Timothy Sackton: Right, but our competitors.
Timothy Sackton: Or, I guess, if you want to find out what's going on i'm not gonna stop you.
Timothy Sackton: bring your friends, if you have any.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is an interesting proposition.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you sure you don't want to come json.
Timothy Sackton: it's called like six lizard football ready.
Timothy Sackton: what's to stop it from killing me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, not.
Timothy Sackton: magical pat's.
us.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anything else remember llc and anything else we should know.
Timothy Sackton: Far Right, you say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They also should know json in the details critical details of slip your mind like right before like we're about to fight this fucking thing.
Timothy Sackton: I just I just heard some rumors they're traveling.
Timothy Sackton: Along the catalyst and I thought i'd poke around the bed.
Timothy Sackton: trying to find some.
Timothy Sackton: poking around trying to see if anybody would.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe be interested in a little bit of trade in that village and.
Timothy Sackton: wow they.
Timothy Sackton: didn't seem too pleased to hear from god's at trader.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will say I greatly appreciate you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: letting us know about this quick question though you tell anybody else about this.
Timothy Sackton: I mentioned it to that I don't woman.
Timothy Sackton: She always pays me nicely for any strange stories.
marissa.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's her name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's still not tower.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No one else, so you told her.
Timothy Sackton: I mentioned it to her yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which she gonna join in on this.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know you'd have to ask her, she said, thanks in her polite way and paid me a coin and.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: said.
Timothy Sackton: Come back if you have any other interesting tales.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay let's get to know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really gives a look over it, and or yeah I met this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At this bard not too long ago she lives in one of the issues she's she's staying in one of the towers not far from here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A pretty powerful lady.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nervosa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're ever.
Rev. David (he/him): fucking way sure sure I know her, she she came through up for the frontier at least a few times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know Teresa.
Rev. David (he/him): Small world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys enemies are you guys friends or what's what's the background here.
Rev. David (he/him): Not enemies with anybody in these parts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would not say that dude you weren't you were the guy that got shipped the wittek to the army so.
Rev. David (he/him): It was a long time ago it's a different life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah sometimes people don't forget.
Rev. David (he/him): You still have any scores to settle with me them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, with you but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I was always grateful for the shit that you taught me but um hmm all right, you guys friendly or yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Perfect spend a couple of years at least.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we'll look, you know it seems like we want to go hop on this opportunity or whatever the hell, this is again just as json left by the way, that's him json Islam.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's left hey i'm in fish as usual.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah get him get him I, like him, Nice and I stick full of sardines.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you know I would take I would take json.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: reconnaissance with a with a grain of salt here but um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, given the amount of time that we have this is like several day thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would normally want to get my guy truck on here but truck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's back in his village, right now, so I don't think he's around and then was yours, the other useful person to talk about this, but he's also not in town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So why don't we if you're after this we can go and see if nurses interested in joining us to to investigate this sounds like fun I want everything else do the rest of today or tomorrow.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah let's do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before we do that, though, there is something I want to introduce you to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you see you see a real kind of like step out onto the perch and kind of like look up and then you see that spread that had been sitting up like on the top of the Tower just like whoosh through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then do like a pretty like sweet move and just like land and catch like right on right on reuse a forearm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then reuse kind of just like you know stroking hit the back of his head and it's this beautiful like dark blue shimmering.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: osprey but you see another you're up close it's like a blue but it's also like it almost looks like his his like feathers are kind of changing color a little bit and the texture is kind of dynamic and changing as well, and so reuse kind of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So one somebody very important introduce you to this is blue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and reuse kind of like like kind of checking them out and blue blue sort of like the first is like looking at review and then like kind of looks over at right at and or it's just sort of like staring at you.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, meet the gays unblinking it's good to meet you blue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah this is good, I think he likes you is going to be good off to a good start i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): Blue ender i'd like you to meet during doll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who's that.
Rev. David (he/him): that's my sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Real like looking at the sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it talk.
Rev. David (he/him): Only to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have a talking sort.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have a talking sword never talking bird.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We shall see only comes to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, well, I mean we'll see if my bird can talk to your sword that'd be pretty fucking cool.
Rev. David (he/him): That would be amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go see if a person wants to come and join on this little caper.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You ready.
Rev. David (he/him): let's do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you know grab a few things hop down the tower and start like kind of trudging through the rain headed over to nurses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: were interested had been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The tower that she had Boston.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you've probably like talked occasionally in the you know, a couple weeks since the last adventure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep so nervous I you know you there are these two two figures kind of like trudging through the the drizzly Gray.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: getting closer to your tower from the distance.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to describe your.
Timothy Sackton: tower setting etc.
Kate: Oh.
Kate: My tower is not quite as Nice as reuse yet, because I haven't been working on it for as long.
Kate: But it's you know definitely livable, this is the home of somebody who pays attention to.
Kate: taking care of business and the.
Kate: windows give a good view and, since you know absorbing the surroundings, as part of my daily practice I definitely see that I have some guests coming.
Kate: So look out look out and.
Kate: recognize recognized for you, because he's been.
Kate: You know, reasonably.
Kate: neighborly since our last adventure and.
Kate: Think I recognized person with him, but it doesn't really make sense in in the context of town, but you know it's it's a small world so.
Kate: I come down from my from my window to.
Kate: Down down to the.
Kate: entryway of the tower and i'm an open the door say.
Kate: Whatever What a beautiful morning for visitors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: might have we come in yeah another in.
Kate: Come on, in it's good to see you and is this Captain enters.
Rev. David (he/him): nurse it's been.
Rev. David (he/him): How many years hasn't been.
Kate: Oh, I had left that neighborhood do least five more years ago.
Kate: Was living in the forest for a while and came to the ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You just call him capital letters.
Kate: Well, I don't know if he's been promoted, since I left.
Rev. David (he/him): I spent five years as a captain that afforded the edge of the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Captain Anders.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did any bars write any songs about you.
Rev. David (he/him): Not that I know of.
Rev. David (he/him): But i'll be writing songs about this battle month or two ago, though I don't think about me specifically go.
Rev. David (he/him): anyways nurses, so I spent another gosh five years after you were out there on the frontier and.
Rev. David (he/him): I had the opportunity, a few weeks ago for promotion and another five years and seemed like it was time to come back home, of course, if I known that real was the only person from oh still here.
Rev. David (he/him): Was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You would have heard back even faster.
Kate: Of course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Rev. David (he/him): You them marissa.
Kate: Well, I was thinking in mendham for a while.
Kate: But I moved up here to hammer a couple of couple months ago.
Kate: Did you pass through the Tower forest on your way.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, I must have I was swimming pretty quick, though.
Rev. David (he/him): doesn't stop.
Rev. David (he/him): For much.
Rev. David (he/him): actually got down to London and then came here by boat from there.
Kate: journey to to um I guess you, you know Rio, so this must be home.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, it used to be it used to be, but i've been away longer than I was here.
Rev. David (he/him): Anyway, reasons friend the drug dealer said there's an opportunity of the road.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah Marisa i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not sure if you remember my friend json kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not the most reliable character, but with these types of rumors at least he's usually pretty good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So json, let us know that what's name of the town TIM.
Timothy Sackton: i'm the lizard folk village.
Timothy Sackton: yeah asked her all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A lizard folk village not too far from here about a day sale, as per rola and apparently there was some kind of beast in the ocean, that is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somehow terrorizing lizard folk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: trying to get there gotcha and also somehow has written there's a handwritten note involved that was on a raft telling them to bring all their godson that they otherwise more would die, the entire village of burn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and apparently whatever it's been doing the killing is killed around five or six of the lizard folk alrighty so whatever it is it's you know it's real and not a joke i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know i'm kind of curious to see what this is all about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you know json makes a good point that I mean json is kind of an ass and wanted to steal the gods that from the directive from the lizard folk I think truck might be pretty pissed off to you if we just did that, but I think there's something to be said for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: helping out our lizard folk rather in and trying to understand what exactly is going on here, and you know my guess is if this is another beast from the ocean after gazza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On it's not going to be necessarily the lizard folks gazza but i've got a feeling that this piece is probably got a stash that we may need to liberate from it.
Kate: well.
Kate: I think that anything that's killing off lizard folks whether they're in the guts to trade or not.
Kate: ought to be checked it checked up on, so if you happen to have a.
Kate: Pretty able bodied friend in town and are.
Kate: gonna go check it out i'd be glad to give you a hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought you might see that and I thought you might be a great addition to this little little little group here i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know i'm going to go and before we head out i'm going to leave word at the Leviathan was zero into the truck in case they happen to Oh, and what was what was some john's character's name.
Timothy Sackton: Hello.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What was kalo steel again.
Timothy Sackton: He was like a feller he would pass through town occasionally.
Timothy Sackton: But you've actually stayed for long and he was obsessed with more.
Timothy Sackton: folk and constantly looking for rumors of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right okay okay yep um yeah you know i'll send words to the Leviathan, just in case you know zero truck pops up but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like we can go and investigate you see what happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys are up for a little.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Little adventure.
Rev. David (he/him): How far is it my horses at the Leviathan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we're probably going to want to sell it's about a day sale from here.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, we'll tell them to take care of dirndl.
Rev. David (he/him): Well i'm gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: isn't during all your sword.
Rev. David (he/him): I remember my horse after my sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anything else that you've also named this exact same name.
Rev. David (he/him): not yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah little more creative with that man.
Kate: Well, see the batter and juniors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gender.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, the then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: juris if it's okay with you, you know we can take one of my boats and you know you can head out word for word for the water to get a little more calm and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then we can make our way.
Kate: Yes, a sale sounds like a great.
Kate: just looking at this weather yeah wait for it to come down a bit, but we do need to make case sounds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah why don't we go and on and or we can head back down to the village pick up some supplies for just a couple days journey and then you know you can see, by your horse i'll leave some word for reserve was here and for truck, just in case and yeah let's hit the ocean.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you take your time to get organized.
Timothy Sackton: You know, do all you're.
Timothy Sackton: taking care of courses and things and I guess probably leave early the next morning, given that you have to go to town come back all that.
Timothy Sackton: So the next morning the cloudy grey but at least the rain has stopped.
Timothy Sackton: And so, as you sail.
Timothy Sackton: As you sell north.
Timothy Sackton: You know, reuse, a talented sailor so managed to to you know you start the coast follow along the coastline, which stays rocky cliffs for a while.
Timothy Sackton: there's a few like there's the splinters which are like these little little sort of jagged points of stone just off shore you skirt around the shoals from the splinters in the splinters gradually get bigger and bigger and turn into the sort of barrier islands.
Timothy Sackton: And after about.
Timothy Sackton: You know, five, six hours sailing you cut through the Channel of these barrier barrier islands and see the expanse of salt marsh stretching before you, that is where.
Timothy Sackton: The village, the lizard folk village of US gorilla is is situated.
Timothy Sackton: sort of at the southern end of this, the salt marsh.
Timothy Sackton: The village itself so Where are you heading, I should say so, so the salt marsh stretches up the coast for miles to the north.
Timothy Sackton: um there's this chain of basically the salt marsh is created by this chain of barrier islands way it's break against the islands um.
Timothy Sackton: Though isn't folk village is that the sort of southern close to the southern end of the salt marsh it's a you've probably read at least has been there before it's small village like maybe 50 or so hots.
Timothy Sackton: Mostly built on stilts over the vegetation.
Timothy Sackton: there's a bunch of oyster farms like you can see, actually, as you as you come up these barrier islands like the tales of a few lizard folk swimming in the ocean and harvesting shellfish.
Timothy Sackton: But the atmosphere is.
Timothy Sackton: You know Gray and and cold and and even you know your sense just the sort of way that things look that those are folks out seemed that the ones that you see in the distance are moving sort of cautiously in nervously.
Timothy Sackton: and hold on, let me just look at something here.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Real you can see in the distance to the north, maybe another.
Timothy Sackton: 10 miles, just like a thin column of smoke or steam or something rising on the horizon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really is kind of like person at the edge of the of the book, yes, see that.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe once he pointed out, you can sort of see it but it's really at the edge of the of the horizon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blue blues been kind of like flying around kind of near the boat and sort of a scattering ahead, and you know you see review kind of says something and then blue, just like takes off towards it, I sent I sent boo to go check it out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay it's about 10 miles away so it's going to take them some time.
Timothy Sackton: Right it's gonna take them.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Probably four ish hours to get there and back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right so i'll send them in as we kind of get closer to the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dock or is there a Doc.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so that well, I mean navigating to the salt marsh is somewhat tricky, but there is there's like a larger open pool sort of a title pool that has a small Doc most of the most of the lizard folk don't travel in large boats, they have little canoes that are tied up for them, they swim.
Timothy Sackton: Because it gets worse or they just have local news that are tied up on these small hearts, most of the hots aren't connected to each other by walkways they're just isolated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Timothy Sackton: They swim or can do, but there's a sort of a communal area on the edge of this deeper pool that has a small Doc where you know.
Timothy Sackton: Humans from Hungary or other travelers can tie up as like a bigger Community building there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'm assuming he's got enough people here it's like an ocean wizard book here it's like it was like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Days yeah so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A person or to have some connection with.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so actually This is where i'm where Bennett has been staying with it's it's like bennett's home village it's where he's from the like lizard folk historian that you met in town a few adventures ago and so he's actually staying here with with aws or the.
Timothy Sackton: warlock dude who you captured was like trying to recover from his parts of life.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and you also know a few other.
Timothy Sackton: People you know you've probably met the like village elder yes off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, all right so kind of pull up to the dock and you know sensing the atmosphere, so a little bit weird here, are there any lizard folk that kind of greed us or like our content, you know.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so there's you know there's people kind of hanging around.
Timothy Sackton: You know, definitely there's one that you don't recognize who.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: gives their basically a call like a signal like travelers and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Give a call back.
Timothy Sackton: comes in comes to increase you and.
Timothy Sackton: travelers.
Timothy Sackton: What is your business and this girl that today i'm ask.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is a review from from Hungary and with friends here also from Hungary we are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we got word that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your village may actually be potentially in some distress facing some anomalies in the ocean that may be causing some trouble.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we're here to we're here to help.
Timothy Sackton: He looks.
Timothy Sackton: looks like does a double take looking at the three of you, none of you lizard folk three humans here says out, let me, let me get.
Timothy Sackton: Let me go i'll be i'll be right back let let me get it's all have want to hear this.
Timothy Sackton: He can he can tell you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Real quick it's all the Elder here.
Timothy Sackton: So there's like there's off right off the doctors like sort of a big communal building that has you know sort of.
Timothy Sackton: set up a little bit like almost like a CAFE like a tea house type place there's like a few tables where you can set there's a big fire pit in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: there's always a part of something cooking there and the messenger like get the seated in way of somebody over to you know get you out of the cold bring you a hot drink, while he goes off to get its own.
Timothy Sackton: And a few minutes later this old lizard man.
Timothy Sackton: walking slowly with a cane skin a uniform almost translucent light blue um you know.
Timothy Sackton: steps forward towards you.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Power slightly and racking then then racking as as you review and says Rio.
Timothy Sackton: It is a blessing of the ancestors to see you here in this moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: good to see you as well it's been it's been many years, actually, I think, since i've seen you.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, who are your companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All allow them to introduce themselves.
Timothy Sackton: you're muted, Kate.
Kate: I see that.
Kate: My name is marissa i'm a new resident of hungry and have had that opportunity to get never you and we'd appreciate getting to know.
Kate: Your affiliates as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rio kind of leans over a little bit nervous as being a little humble but she's got some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: abilities that may be useful in this situation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of wing set thinks that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is elder.
Timothy Sackton: It is my honor tight your acquaintance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the guy with a huge sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ever.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm a vendor of hungry and the sister in doll and.
Rev. David (he/him): we've been away for a while, but.
Rev. David (he/him): Just came back and had the afternoon free.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Nice to meet you as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Review youthfully looks at the lizard poke at the lizard man, the other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is sword has a name.
Timothy Sackton: What have you heard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were you kind of looks at his companions i'm not much that sounds good uh what we've heard so far as just that there's a beast of some kind terrorizing the coast here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holding the gods of your village hostage and if there's not gots it to be paid there's going to be more death and destruction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Although we did hear that whatever it is terrorizing You can write letters so it's not totally just a beast probably a human or some kind or magic involved, but um, hopefully, you can tell us more and maybe share a little bit about how we can help.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe, three weeks ago.
Timothy Sackton: Two of our young ones out collecting shellfish in the Bay or attacked by something.
Timothy Sackton: They were killed, we don't know what but we saw great out of steam or up from the ocean.
Timothy Sackton: Four of our best hunters left to track at.
Timothy Sackton: Seeing what they could find.
Timothy Sackton: And found.
Timothy Sackton: A passage to the Marsh have some great swimming creature tearing the plants behind that.
Timothy Sackton: 1015 feet wide at least leading north.
Timothy Sackton: But at some point, it must have disappeared under under the vegetation or swum out to see, for we lost track of that.
Timothy Sackton: thought this was a strange but singular event until.
Timothy Sackton: about a week ago at attacked again.
Timothy Sackton: Killing for more of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will kind of beast is it.
Timothy Sackton: Something that can swim.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody, who has got close to it has survived to describe at.
Timothy Sackton: Large.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are the bodies fresh.
Timothy Sackton: The bodies were burned.
Timothy Sackton: As if by scalding water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When was the last attack.
Timothy Sackton: attack was a week ago.
Timothy Sackton: We sent a war party.
Timothy Sackton: Following.
Timothy Sackton: Through the marshes and they won scouting returned to warn us that they saw steam and mists bubbling out from the Marsh maybe 10 miles north.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of the party, the rest of the war party headed there and never returned.
Timothy Sackton: until three days ago when one body washed up with the morning tied.
Timothy Sackton: dead and burned all over.
Timothy Sackton: A note.
Timothy Sackton: tied to it in a bottle.
Timothy Sackton: telling us that unless we put.
Timothy Sackton: All the gods that we had.
Timothy Sackton: anchored on a raft in the Bay.
Timothy Sackton: or a sunset three days from now, the village would be attacked without mercy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um the attack that happened a week yeah where was it again.
Timothy Sackton: In the bag.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you show us where the attack was.
Timothy Sackton: It was, and he.
Timothy Sackton: he likes sketches out a crude map here i'll just.
Timothy Sackton: Try it roughly here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I reuse asking just because you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's a fucking ranger go investigate it and see if we can learn something so.
Timothy Sackton: hey so the X is the village, the line is the coast.
Timothy Sackton: The circle is about where the steam is coming from, and then there's like this chain of islands here.
Timothy Sackton: Right and this.
Timothy Sackton: This area is like where the, you know as the lizard folk you know shellfish Shell fishing grounds um you know where people have sort of now retreated so they don't go they don't go north of like this line, but the attack happened like right there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's all maybe it would be you know, maybe we can go investigate that site i'd love to see if I could get a track or anything learn about this piece learn a little bit what we're up against I sent blue to go and check out the steam a little worried for me it'll be fine but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: see if we can learn anything learn a little bit more about what we're up against.
Kate: So it's across the Marsh do we need to sail or WHA.
Timothy Sackton: I would suggest boats and the Marsh the ground is unstable and ever shifting.
Timothy Sackton: canoe canoes our best.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there someone that might be able to take us to where the side of the most recent attack.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure I can find a volunteer.
Timothy Sackton: willing to travel with you.
Timothy Sackton: Would you like, would you intend to go now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's just say anything else more you can tell us about it, it feels like.
Timothy Sackton: Give me a moment to find a volunteer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And are you have any questions.
Rev. David (he/him): No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sounds fishy though right with the note.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): sounds like you know, is this beast someone's head or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what i'm thinking.
Rev. David (he/him): Can they transform them to the beast or.
Rev. David (he/him): Is there more than one of them.
You know.
Rev. David (he/him): that's an awfully big animal though right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 feet wide.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll say.
Rev. David (he/him): We know that is it an animal another ship of some kind of.
Rev. David (he/him): Something that sits real low in the water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really looks at it's all.
Timothy Sackton: We don't know much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's your best guess on what it is it's all.
Timothy Sackton: Best guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some kind of snake about fish kind of beast are we talking about.
Timothy Sackton: giant shark.
Timothy Sackton: though, why would such a thing live in the Marsh.
Kate: Go snake, maybe victims but does not eat them.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: Presumably eight, most of them.
Kate: I thought you had recovered all the bodies whole.
Timothy Sackton: Just the one.
Kate: hi i'm sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we see that body to.
Rev. David (he/him): talk with the dead.
Rev. David (he/him): Have you asked him what happened.
Timothy Sackton: We could.
Timothy Sackton: We could try.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: It is not always easy to reach those who.
Timothy Sackton: have died of violent and traumatic death.
there.
Timothy Sackton: We could try this evening.
Timothy Sackton: Otherwise, my best guess.
Timothy Sackton: I know not.
Timothy Sackton: snake or.
Timothy Sackton: I would say, a crocodile but few live this far north.
Timothy Sackton: Is the water is too cold for many animals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sounds like something magical potentially kneeling a lot of this type of shit seven telling you and or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it's all a who can see the body, I might be able to learn something from it and same thing by investigating location of the attack, maybe I can learn a little bit more about what we're what we're up against.
Timothy Sackton: Already, has been.
Timothy Sackton: sent on to do our the ancestors already.
Timothy Sackton: But and young girl, maybe in her 30s 20s 30s runs up.
Timothy Sackton: And and.
Timothy Sackton: Itzhak says.
Timothy Sackton: Ah i'm.
Timothy Sackton: i'm a Maya.
Timothy Sackton: She will take you.
Timothy Sackton: And she she's like you know dressed in sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know sort of leathers like clearly prepared for.
Timothy Sackton: Like wilderness gear basically.
Timothy Sackton: Man she looks she looks at all of you and.
Timothy Sackton: So you want to go see where this attack was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You before we do that it's all um anybody that handled any of those bodies are seen any the bodies around that I could just ask a few questions.
Timothy Sackton: For you, you can ask me.
Timothy Sackton: I made him to rest myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well perfect, can you tell me and describe the bodies and as greater detail as possible or the nature of the cuts for the cuts wide was it three cuts for cuts how deep are the piercings any all as much detail as you can tell me.
Timothy Sackton: The only obvious damage on the body was.
Timothy Sackton: Extensive burns.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From from what did it look like you know, like a burning water or from you know, a flame or.
Timothy Sackton: You know from fire and from.
Timothy Sackton: scalding water both.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM reuse starts thinking about everything he knows so far giant creature scalding you know, like what the Fuck is this can you can you make some guesses survival.
Timothy Sackton: Make no this is nature, I would say.
Like a nature check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
it's.
Timothy Sackton: Not off the three pieces of information you have do not all point in the same direction as far as you can tell.
me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What direction is that a point.
Timothy Sackton: What about you.
Timothy Sackton: know how.
So.
Timothy Sackton: fire and scalding water.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's there's things like.
Timothy Sackton: Like cameras like flying creatures with fire breath.
Timothy Sackton: which you know could certainly do that sort of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Of course you've heard of dragons but they're pretty rare you wouldn't expect to encounter of fire breathing dragon whatever.
Timothy Sackton: else um.
Timothy Sackton: But of course those things don't swim.
Timothy Sackton: And you know the path cut to the vegetation suggests, like some sort of giant sea creature like a giant turtle or a giant shark or a giant snake or a giant you know.
Timothy Sackton: You have encountered many giant whatever's.
Timothy Sackton: In your time.
Timothy Sackton: But then.
Timothy Sackton: Leaving ransom notes and threatening a village like that.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it's all thank you for for your help, I think we can go with the Maya and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have a look at where the attacker.
Timothy Sackton: So she she takes you out to a to a canoe and she is you know i'm.
Timothy Sackton: As as you watch she's like so you're adventurers.
Timothy Sackton: What do you do even.
Rev. David (he/him): You know, this is my first adventure i'm i'm not sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm here to help we're friends of it's all and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we're here now.
Timothy Sackton: fascinating I.
Timothy Sackton: want to leave this village someday but.
Timothy Sackton: What does one do just traveling in the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not as glamorous as you would think honestly.
Timothy Sackton: Well, let me, let me take you to where you want to go and she's clearly very skilled with the canoes you'd loads you all up into her like double wide outrigger canoe and.
Timothy Sackton: navigate to the martian and you know you should ways to a few of the folks collecting shellfish and they all look kind of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, look up like where she going and then see as you all, she takes you she lands on the on the Marsh side of the island, said that the ocean side is all sandy breaking waves that inland side is is marsh.
Timothy Sackton: And she says, you know she departs This is where we This is where the the burst out of steam was seen.
Timothy Sackton: At the second attack.
Timothy Sackton: don't know much else.
Timothy Sackton: About 5667 days ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really just gets into the gets into ranger zone and just starts like investigating everything like looks at every little.
Timothy Sackton: tries to pick a survivor check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any little clue that he can oh and Rio kind of looks over at Marisa i'm about to do some investigating, but you can help me make it even more likely that i'm going to succeed in my investigation right interesting.
Timothy Sackton: inspiration.
Kate: yeah I think I can, I think I can play you a song.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that might be nice that might be nice.
Kate: So I get out my.
Kate: My handmade pipes and I play a song.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And re is inspired.
Kate: me is inspired.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so I got advantage right.
Timothy Sackton: Now you get a.
Timothy Sackton: Where is it a D eight you get it, you can add a da to roll.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So then added the violin additional deed, on top of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I saved it.
Timothy Sackton: Or do I have to use right now, you can save it for 10 minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit Shay easy right now to make this even more awesome.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I would just use that.
Timothy Sackton: you're probably not going to make another check for 10 minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 44.
Timothy Sackton: So you you start to sort of poke around the edges of this mark.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it seems like most of whatever happened occurred in the water and there's really not much to find except you see one enormous.
Timothy Sackton: footprint clock print it looks like.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, about a five foot wide six foot wide claw.
Timothy Sackton: that's been pressed into the mud of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the salt marsh and you know the plants are sort of growing around it, but just poking through.
Timothy Sackton: This one claw and then the other thing you see is that i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Not right up by the coast, but maybe you're sort of waiting through this marsh right right where it starts to get deep in the in the edge of them, the Marsh ends and the slope kind of drops off to the ocean there's like a line of plants that are all like welted and.
Timothy Sackton: They almost look cooked.
Timothy Sackton: As if they were caught in a blast of boiling water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So TIM just from the cloud print really should be that should be pretty fucking strong like you know how many closets are there are deeper the town, you know all that stuff like like what what does he know now that he's like.
Timothy Sackton: that's pretty pretty fucking good so it's it's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you you haven't seen.
Timothy Sackton: It so I mean this looks like a dragon it's like kind of claw well that you imagine dragons like right it's like talents like that, but there's but as they press in you can see that this webbing in between the talents it's like some sort of giant.
Timothy Sackton: creature, like some kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: But awesome Helen like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, but this is not like a talent from like a creature in nature, that is, in this area that really knows.
Timothy Sackton: No, this isn't this isn't like you know, a crocodiles foot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay so review like i'm presuming review is like diving in the water, and like.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so so at some point, you know Rio after doing some investigation comes out gets back into the canoe and it's just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well uh we're fucked.
Kate: So is that burned area of vegetation 10 or 15 feet wide like is that.
What they were about.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: it's about.
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet wide.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so we're fucked a I was able to find a print down there in the Marsh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm the print is not correspond to any animal that I know, and I know all of the fucking animals here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever the hell, it is it's got webbing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's got webbing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: talent, like a dragon so it can swim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I haven't seen any dragons around here my entire life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And certainly none with any web talents or that can shoot scalding water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As an attack so whatever the hell this thing is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think it's like anything else that I have seen or heard about in my entire life in this area.
Rev. David (he/him): hinders looks back to the sword hilltoppers shoulder and says, what do you think during, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you think darnell.
Rev. David (he/him): He didn't have an opinion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's pretty big fucking sword.
huh.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, should we go find out what it was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How how how long has it been now TIM since blue.
Timothy Sackton: Blue i've been about three hours.
Timothy Sackton: And how do I get the talking in the traveling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I can, how do I communicate with them again when he's far away like is there, like a certain range that I can tell that I can.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you you, you can.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Now I mean you don't have any special ability to talk to blue.
Timothy Sackton: um you can cast, you can use cast speak with animals, and then you can talk to him if he is right there you can use be sense.
Timothy Sackton: But that only lasts for an hour it's unlimited range, but only last for an hour, so he was trying, if you have to go somewhere two hours away when do you any good, unless you see through this eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay alright so let's wait for him to get back on.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you kind of so you're hanging out like I mean basically he returns, as the sun is sinking low in the sky right so it's you know it's approaching.
Timothy Sackton: To say it's mid November right the sun sets fairly early here i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tend to the other thing I think we probably would do is like you know, look at the evidence if they like gave us like the note like.
Timothy Sackton: Probably have a look yeah you can look at the note.
Timothy Sackton: Here that showed you the history of items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you guys learn anything from this now I I don't I don't have any particular ability to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: decipher anything from us, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and writing even.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I will just written the note.
Timothy Sackton: it's written in common.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing particularly remarkable about it it's not super neat handwriting but.
Rev. David (he/him): it's regular ink.
Kate: hey.
Timothy Sackton: They are just regular ink.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty low quality paper.
Kate: Not.
Timothy Sackton: Why, it was.
Kate: It was.
Timothy Sackton: It was in a bottle just a bit like a wine bottle basically nothing again nothing.
Timothy Sackton: Particularly fancy or interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: message in a bottle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, what does what the blue sea.
Timothy Sackton: So blue gets back.
Timothy Sackton: And you.
Timothy Sackton: So you're gonna use speak with animals to talk to blue yes okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, so you cast the spell and blue.
Timothy Sackton: says.
Timothy Sackton: You know, he had he explains yet to stay quite high because i'm the.
Timothy Sackton: You know, he didn't want to get too close to the steam, but it was clearly there's like a giant earth it giant mound of vegetation.
Timothy Sackton: And there is.
Timothy Sackton: there's steam and mists swirling around the entire thing he couldn't see the ground at all, you could just see little bits of the top of this, mountain vegetation but everywhere else for like hundreds of feet around it was just surrounded by.
Timothy Sackton: Miss and heat, rising from the water.
Timothy Sackton: Is hot even.
Timothy Sackton: 500 feet up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'll see so like any any trails or anything like kind of in the area like outside and around where the same is like an any any sign of humans or any like humanoid like boat play shop.
Timothy Sackton: No, no sign of.
Timothy Sackton: of humans or anything um.
Timothy Sackton: No, no boats, although something we're hitting the mist it would have been harder and possible to see um.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: Just outside the message just look like the salt marsh lake everywhere else he could see bits and pieces of this trail cut to the Marsh but, again, it.
Timothy Sackton: dipped underwater or or went into the mists and didn't couldn't see where it came from inside the mists.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So communicate that to everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: starting to feel a little.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: concerned.
Kate: It wasn't loading cluster vegetation it wasn't he couldn't see any ground or.
Timothy Sackton: While the whole marshes sort of there's you know.
Timothy Sackton: bits of solid ground but then there's tons of little canals that cut through it and, in this sort of area surrounded by mists there was it looked like there was a giant mound.
Timothy Sackton: almost like a like a you know massively enlarged beaver house or something like that, but like 100 times bigger, just like pile vegetation.
Timothy Sackton: that's that the very top of which, like peak slightly out of the mists.
Rev. David (he/him): Like a big nest.
Timothy Sackton: Like a big nest of some kind yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But like a Dome right, so it would be like an inverted nest right so something underneath was underneath.
Kate: Everything either.
Kate: No movement of any large thing.
Kate: mean towards us yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where are we in the three day cycle, where they've got to like put all the gas out are ready dies.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, this is the first of the three days.
Timothy Sackton: So it's three days it was like five days from when they found the body so it's three days from today so two more days after today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what's the what's the village doing, are they like prophetic defenses or whatever they.
Timothy Sackton: They are haven't decided yet whether they're going to just give up the gods out or flee or try and fight it off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM if this thing killed like five or six like lizard folk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: His review alarms is this like you know it's like Oh, like in a real is kind of like khaki you know.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, these are just like commoners right so.
Timothy Sackton: Everyone could easily kill five or six.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lizard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got it so it wasn't like you like chill five or six trucks.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay okay okay all right all right all right, then reassess kochi.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's a village of maybe maybe 100 people right it's not like they have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right.
Timothy Sackton: You know their past warriors would be not nearly as good as you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, we could just head over there and try to kill it.
Kate: was last battleground for a marsh preacher.
Kate: I mean if we're in a boat and flips us over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you can't swim.
Kate: I can swim but it's awfully hard to sword fight well swimming.
Timothy Sackton: You can walk on water to remember.
Rev. David (he/him): And there's looks down at the 70 or 80 pounds of metal covering his entire body.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you can't find the ocean.
Rev. David (he/him): I haven't had to fight me I haven't been a past my ankles in the last five years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well Fuck dude you know, are fighting like some kind of crazy CBS try it, what are you gonna do stay in the boat.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah but I mean he'll giants and Trolls typically aren't underwater animals.
Rev. David (he/him): I could stay in the boat now I probably can't stand the book, can I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is going to be difficult for you to fight enters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): What about some sort of a flotation device.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Review kind of looks over at marissa you got anything for Anders that can help them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In a water fighting situation.
Kate: hmm.
Kate: Pushing of climbing was that's not quite the same as swimming or floating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck me and you're gonna be fine.
Rev. David (he/him): Fine right.
Rev. David (he/him): How deep is the swamp.
Timothy Sackton: I mean It ranges from like three feet to.
Timothy Sackton: Eight feet depending on where you are but it's not I mean this isn't like deep water right, this is.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: You know this is a.
Timothy Sackton: it's a marsh right so it's it's.
Timothy Sackton: You can walk through it, you might suddenly step into a pet where you sink.
Timothy Sackton: Get where the water opens up, and it goes down eight feet, but you're not liking 20 feet of ocean in the Marsh.
Timothy Sackton: there's like open pools right that might be deeper.
Kate: But the creatures layer nest thing is further out.
Timothy Sackton: No it's in the Marsh.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, but it's some kind of a solid or solid looking something.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: As far as blue can could see right it's not super obvious.
Timothy Sackton: But it looks like a solid, it looks like it looks like the top of a beaver house or something like that.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm googling swimming full plate five he.
Timothy Sackton: Like it's not easy to swim but you won't drown unless the water super I mean you can still swim or not close enough to realism here that you can't swim but your movement speed would be reduced by half.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The risk you can't make this go walk on water or is that just something that only you can do.
Kate: yeah it's one of us.
Kate: I can't I can't extend it.
Rev. David (he/him): I think i'm gonna be fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what if you made enders walk on water and nervous, because you don't need to be in hand to hand combat with this thing anyways right.
Kate: don't need to.
Kate: True.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, what do you guys think we go and bullshit it's house.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we'd go talk to it at the least.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: talking to it that's good idea.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): list.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we didn't morning.
Rev. David (he/him): What time as a note.
Timothy Sackton: it's like sunset yeah.
morning.
Timothy Sackton: So okay so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tell us a little plan.
Timothy Sackton: So they put you off for the for the night, the lizard folk do attempt to gots a ceremony just to try and reach the spirit of the dead warrior but.
Timothy Sackton: No luck.
Timothy Sackton: And you now, and you rest and prepare for the morning.
Timothy Sackton: So as morning dawn's it's another.
Timothy Sackton: Great day rain threatening the clouds hanging low or the horizon occasional sort of morning the morning mists blowing off from the ocean and making everything look almost ghostly um as you get up at the you know the break of dawn in the chill.
Timothy Sackton: Have a quick breakfast before setting off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um I have to pee.
Timothy Sackton: yeah let's let's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take a little.
Timothy Sackton: five minute break alright perfect.
Kate: didn't really successfully prepare nathaniel for the lack of parents this evening.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Kate: here's doing that thing, where you lie in bed when you're upset and think about all the things that went wrong and he.
Kate: told me he was having a nightmare it's like you're not asleep yet you're thinking of bad things.
Kate: Like his blueberry muffin was a corn muffin.
Timothy Sackton: Should I noticed that, on the.
Kate: ordering it.
yeah.
Kate: i'm sorry I thought you did, and you were just trying to hide it from him.
Kate: distant.
Kate: yeah.
Kate: isn't it whispers make something run away because it just run away forever.
Timothy Sackton: Now just tell the spell ons are just for the next next next term.
Rev. David (he/him): nephew suggested if it's a dragon turtle we should name it timmy.
I don't name it.
Rev. David (he/him): To me, which has nothing to do with you just as a just as a name.
Timothy Sackton: that's funny.
Kate: How does he know.
Rev. David (he/him): TIM.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The kid is 10.
Kate: The younger one.
Rev. David (he/him): The younger kid is 10.
Rev. David (he/him): build their kid is 13.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shut the Fuck up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's 13.
Rev. David (he/him): Jesus hell is Karina.
Rev. David (he/him): was not very tough but still I mean as a as a benchmark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait who's this last year, so Mary.
Rev. David (he/him): J josie is Jane now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh okay.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait so she is going to be in high school last year.
Rev. David (he/him): Southern create this year.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: terrifying.
Rev. David (he/him): All right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean Isaac some sixth grade.
Rev. David (he/him): Also, terrified I didn't know why.
Rev. David (he/him): I, for being in seventh grade does not intimidate me but for some reason, like I said can possibly be six.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so each other.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they were mad I don't remember each other.
Kate: yeah they were both interested in dinosaurs when they were like three and four, but.
Timothy Sackton: yeah no I.
Kate: Chicago.
Rev. David (he/him): Three years ago, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: That was 2018 I think you're.
Rev. David (he/him): Still in kid time that's.
Timothy Sackton: forever yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Isaac was very into pokemon at that time and Matthew had a giant pokemon book, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: How does what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How does either.
Timothy Sackton: he's 11.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude shorts you should get your kids to plant algar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they an arby's.
Rev. David (he/him): huh.
Rev. David (he/him): She played for a while, but then, with some friends, whose dad was damning but it didn't they didn't sustain really.
Rev. David (he/him): Matthews interested, but I don't know if you really have the attention span for it, we we played some last summer I ran a short game for Terry Matthew which was really fun.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah I think 10 is while Isaac Isaac was super into it, even when he was 10.
Timothy Sackton: But he's like a little clone of me so.
Timothy Sackton: Now he only wants to DM he's done playing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Kate: um no he doesn't know where, though.
Timothy Sackton: He wants to play and now he's I think he sort of he wants to play with more interesting role players than his friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like his father before him.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly um.
Timothy Sackton: But nathaniel that we've done we do a few we've been writing i've been writing the occasional adventures of breath when.
Timothy Sackton: When residents been doing off in the mountains, while the rest of you are doing your adventures with nathaniel has a character and Isaac just makes up a new character for each game, but my my plan you're like really tells off after like an hour hour and a half.
Timothy Sackton: His attention span.
Kate: Which is not nothing, I have a friend.
Kate: yeah no it says that they his kids favorite favorite D amp D activities, the actual character, buildings and make up a character for each new game and they play for like 20 minutes yo.
Kate: yo done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what it was like when we played.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I remember seeing about cyberpunk because they were just get killed so.
Timothy Sackton: Fast the seven characters got killed so fast, but also making up characters is like a little mini game, because those that chart evolved on.
Timothy Sackton: like that, like what happened in your life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Rev. David (he/him): I feel like our main d&d past time in middle school was arguing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do we argue about.
Rev. David (he/him): Everything actually that may still be our main you.
Timothy Sackton: know I should tell that to Isaac I totally forgot that but he that'll make him encouraged.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It does he argue a lot with his friends.
Timothy Sackton: No, they just like they don't pay attention and they argue with each other and they forget what their characters can do and i'm like my players don't know what their characters can do and they're all 40.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now if they're doing good.
Timothy Sackton: anyway.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You had it you get a canoe what's your strategy or take your sailboat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: walk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I asked blue but what's the best way to get there, and like is it like a canoe thing, or is it like a.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean you've traveled here before right like.
Timothy Sackton: You know your boat is pretty maneuverable but.
Timothy Sackton: Cutting to the Marsh lake you know you're have a much higher chance of.
Timothy Sackton: getting stuck somewhere in a sailboat because you could run aground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess what we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we want like like a couple of skilled warriors to like canoe us there.
Timothy Sackton: They don't have that many skilled warriors left, given that their band of warriors went and all got killed it.
Timothy Sackton: So I don't think they're gonna have anybody who can but but really is a pretty skilled.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you've clicked you've certainly I mean for you is like his main thing is going out in the ocean on boats right so like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Nearly real can pilot a canoe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then yeah I guess review will will power us will power us there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I send blue out ahead, just to make sure that you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, once we get out into the canoe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, blue blue kind of takes off off into the distance starts taking off and then and are you see like you know real I kind of had a little couple little little conversation with blue like right before I left and you see blue kind of is like up up up up, then all of a sudden, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just like dives into the ocean and disappears.
Rev. David (he/him): i've been seeing an osprey died, with a long, long time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah blues not a regular I spray you'll see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guessing you don't have a regular already there so.
Rev. David (he/him): holy shit route is blue.
Rev. David (he/him): What killed all those lizard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Definitely not.
All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The miss Ruby who could Fuck up maybe one or two main blizzard men and you cannot massacre five or six of the way.
Timothy Sackton: So you paddle north.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: The clouds open a little bit and the.
Timothy Sackton: Rain begins to drizzle on you as you push your way through the sort of edge of this marsh.
Timothy Sackton: fall, I mean, are you staying out in the water there's a there's a pat like a little bit north of the villages this wide path that's been cut through the Marsh like the vegetation is all been torn up and there's like a 15 foot wide channel.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can fall okay.
Rev. David (he/him): yep.
Timothy Sackton: So, following the.
Kate: Not something they made some.
Timothy Sackton: yeah this is from the beast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And TIM i'm sending the blue ahead to do like a little water water, air reconnaissance so in the water, out of the water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the water out of the water.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you.
Timothy Sackton: swim paddle fly forward.
Timothy Sackton: You can actually you know, after a couple hours of paddling you can actually feel the temperature getting warmer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brave.
Timothy Sackton: You know, when you woke up this morning there was a chill in the air, it was you know not much above freezing and the cold rain falling in us you paddle North was you know unpleasant, at best, but you know you can now all clearly see on the horizon, this cloud of steam and mist.
Timothy Sackton: hanging in the Marsh maybe two three miles away.
Timothy Sackton: And as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: You know, maybe a mile away.
Timothy Sackton: The temperature has gone up 10 degrees at least 15 degrees.
Timothy Sackton: The rain.
Timothy Sackton: falling steadily now feels.
Timothy Sackton: almost like a pleasant.
Timothy Sackton: early summer drizzle.
Timothy Sackton: The vegetation around you is all looks like slightly wilted.
Timothy Sackton: stressed by the heat.
Timothy Sackton: And the myths are starting to creep in and packing your visibility, as you as you follow this channel, you can now.
Timothy Sackton: You know the Miss will blow across and you'll be able to in your visibility will be reduced to like 100 feet in front of you, and then it'll.
Timothy Sackton: blow open again, and you can see, this sort of cloud Bobby but, as you continue here visibility will just get more and more have reduced as you enter the thick.
Timothy Sackton: densest part of these myths and and fog that seems the billowing from the marcia had.
Timothy Sackton: Keep following this channel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or doom.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blue blue doesn't see anything.
Timothy Sackton: Why it's blue diving into the mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: cuz he's on into the miss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's going he's going in the water as as.
Timothy Sackton: Right right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah he's in the water.
Timothy Sackton: i'm makeup perception check as blue so D 20 plus five.
I like this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you don't know what blue seas until who comes back to talk to you, and you can speak with animals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long does the How long does it last when I do the whole life, I can see the results than.
An hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how long do I think, will you think it'll take for us to get to the.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could easily be there, within an hour at this point you're only a mile mile and a half away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I kept it i'll see through his eyes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: diving into the you sort of dive down to the mists splash into the water and now are sort of swimming underneath the water, and you can see.
Timothy Sackton: This channel goes straight ahead into.
Timothy Sackton: coming into up up.
Timothy Sackton: Coming out like into a sort of um.
Timothy Sackton: Deeper area and then there's like a wide tunnel, that seems to cut underneath a bank.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a.
Timothy Sackton: 20 foot diameter tunnel.
Rev. David (he/him): we're on the trail of the world's largest muskrat.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly part of this part of this tunnel exposed right as above the surface and, as you are, you are you like shooting up out of the water as well.
Timothy Sackton: yeah um.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you shoot up out of the water.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: What is blues AC.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Incredibly, I.
Think it's taken.
Timothy Sackton: Out of the miss the Miss light condense into these.
Timothy Sackton: Four sort of implied forms which.
Timothy Sackton: dive and slash at you as as blue osprey comes shooting out of the water from nowhere.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, one of which manages to connect with blue.
Timothy Sackton: Dealing five points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Faster as this.
Timothy Sackton: almost like steaming cloth slashes across you and you hear.
Timothy Sackton: You can yeah you can hear, as well as see is that right pretty sure.
Timothy Sackton: yep okay you hear.
Timothy Sackton: you hear a.
voice.
Timothy Sackton: calling out.
Timothy Sackton: In.
Timothy Sackton: In in primordial in ignition in the language of fire elemental.
Timothy Sackton: what's there what's that.
Timothy Sackton: So and screeching back from these steam I assume you're like flying away from that right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Coming back from the steam creatures some kind of spy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As following them as falling blue.
Timothy Sackton: No that's what the with as blue darts into the midst, and they lose them, the first voice said, who who's that what's there and then and then one of the steam creatures that attacked blues as some kind of spy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the steam creature, what does it look like.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like a like a little IMP or something like a sort of small winged creature, but it made of steam.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's all period.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see, really just kind of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's canoeing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But then also has like eyes have gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're not kind of like a shimmering a shimmering blue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As he's been canoeing and then kind of at a point he, like pauses the can do as as you guys don't know this, but this is when this fight breaks out and he's like oh shit okay Lou just got attacked he made it out of there, but I think we're dealing with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, be primordial.
Rev. David (he/him): know.
Rev. David (he/him): The struggle with common.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You just struggle with common.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It looks like a fire elemental.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys ever have any experience finding those.
Kate: mentors in general, no.
well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look friendly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many names were there again TIM.
For.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, so it looks like there were four I don't even know how to describe them, they were they were imps of some kind, made out of steam.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One of them, took a slash at Bu and did a little damage anything else.
Timothy Sackton: There was just the voice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so the ips could talk in primordial.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There was one talking to another one or another some other being I don't know if it was the giant snake alligator dragon guy but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There waiting for us.
Kate: well.
Kate: Are we sure there is a giant muskrat turtle alligator snake like can these amps be.
Kate: The whole.
Kate: Whole steam.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: problem so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another bigger path like this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hover over the Amsterdam.
Timothy Sackton: mall yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like three feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The answer small no larger than a child, this is a whatever the hell cause this is also lurking there someplace didn't get a chance to catch it before he got attacked up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So how many points is blue have.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: 28 total 2323 now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know if he's back in the water, now I send them back a little bit closer, but in underwater.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can he, like look up and see.
Timothy Sackton: Not clearly through the mess, the Mr dentist right by the surface of the water.
Timothy Sackton: couldn't even see what was.
Timothy Sackton: Talking even though was maybe only 20 feet away.
Right.
Kate: it's the water too hot to swim in.
Timothy Sackton: No it's like pleasant, I mean normally, this would be like cold North Pacific Northwest November water now it's like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Not quite tropical but like.
Timothy Sackton: carolinas pleasant dish this woman.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is a so if, when blue just so he's like if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Turn swimming.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he able to see like a head of like what's going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Under.
Timothy Sackton: can see under the Water just I mean it's murky because it's a salt marsh and there's tons of mud and debris and stuff in the water right like it's not clear.
Timothy Sackton: Right open ocean, but.
Timothy Sackton: there's like there's a pool.
Timothy Sackton: That he swam to this pool there's a tunnel that continues under a bank.
Timothy Sackton: Right and.
Timothy Sackton: that's the pool that he emerged from and was attacked right like the entrance to the tunnel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stays in the water, no nobody's attacking him, nobody seems to know some.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody seems to notice him at the moment, now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He gets a little closer to the tunnel to to investigate.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: it's it.
Timothy Sackton: descends slightly so.
Timothy Sackton: there's the water.
Timothy Sackton: it's in the water, under the water and it descends down and it's filled with water.
water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How the Fuck is enter is going to be helpful in this scenario, with an underwater tunnel enters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Reuse this leg like dude we gotta swim into this fucking tunnel man like that the creatures down there inside this tunnel.
Rev. David (he/him): I could.
Kate: come out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we might have to learn it out.
Rev. David (he/him): Probably once you get what's, on the other end of the tunnel, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My gosh is this be so i'm not going to send out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I said Turkey in there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I told her to come back.
Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, maybe there's another way to get in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good question.
Rev. David (he/him): If steam is rising from the top, I mean, is there a hold or something i'm tough.
Kate: To the town, but we could go investigate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I don't know how to go investigate that, though I mean I think if we stay above water we're going to get attacked by those amps.
Rev. David (he/him): that's fine we'll kill them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's true you do that.
Kate: let's go Fred themes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And are you see like kind of near and under the book this like this, like slim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dark feature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I kind of shoot back and forth underneath the boat.
Rev. David (he/him): Jesus what the ship was that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then you see like this that that the this figure like kind of go and it looks like it looks like a like a shark and under the water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then it like starts getting close to the surface and then as it's coming out from the surface, you can see that it is a shark and then you see it like change into DAS Bray into blue and then flies right out of the water and then lands on on his shoulder.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, can you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just kidding I know you started can't do that right.
Rev. David (he/him): thing turned oh.
Rev. David (he/him): he's not alarmed all right if he's not alarmed about alarm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can your sword change into another weapon Daddy pretty cool.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean, he can change into an x.
Rev. David (he/him): in the sense that you can use him to chop things down but he's still a sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lou actually changes into a totally different creature he becomes Turk when he's in the water he's a sharp different personality towards kind of a pain in the ass To be honest, but blue I easy blues the most reasonable, one might be a bit.
Kate: I thought you just forgot the name of your familiar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean you say familiar but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Rev. David (he/him): transforms into an extremely ineffective javelin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But still shaped like a sword.
Rev. David (he/him): And yes, yeah.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm gonna hurt.
Rev. David (he/him): The shark and blue The self and what had you meet.
Rev. David (he/him): me this shape changing osprey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ocean is a weird fucking place, I told you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's gotten weirder and weirder since you've gone you see the show we're going with right now, you see this shit I put the bucket.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe it was just because I was young, when I left, I feel, like everyone here is doing way more drugs than they used to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: weigh more drugs and whatever the Fuck this thing is becoming normal this shit.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah really makes you you're just regular old or court.
Rev. David (he/him): Week no it doesn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have any a range weapons.
Rev. David (he/him): And or dancer.
Rev. David (he/him): i've got a longbow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good you're gonna need that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys able to fight steam.
Kate: We can try talking to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Judging by how they attack blue not sure there's gonna be a lot of talking involved, but.
Rev. David (he/him): So, so our plan them to try and get over to this big vegetation Dome thing and.
Rev. David (he/him): climb up it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think we're going to get into that clearing first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um where do you get attacked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By a bunch of schemes through yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We kill them yep and we get over to the grassy vegetation then.
Good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At that point, were potentially going to get ambushed by the den the giant creature that's going to come shooting out from the tunnel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or, if not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then, maybe we get ourselves inside the nest and then to get attacked by the giant creature potentially do all three of us survive I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On see it.
Rev. David (he/him): Like those odds all right let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: So you're going to continue canoeing.
Timothy Sackton: Through the channel to this pool that that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turns.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: send you said, like we're get we're doing something stupid that's going to cause us all the.
Timothy Sackton: No, not at all, no not at all.
Kate: I mean we could try canoeing slightly clockwise or counterclockwise around we believe our destination, to be and try to come at it from the side or something, but we can get stuck in the marshes I don't know how how good, are you at navigating in the dense agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's like a call the sack right we're like going into a mosh called a sock and then at the end of the call the sack is like Vanessa that's kind of what i'm imagining.
Timothy Sackton: yeah pretty much.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so I get your weapons out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here we're going to get attacked any moment.
Timothy Sackton: So you you paddle slowly quietly.
Timothy Sackton: drifting down this wide channel.
Timothy Sackton: Another 2030 minutes passes, as you.
Timothy Sackton: approaches as quietly, as you can in the stillness of this mist.
Timothy Sackton: Miss getting denser and denser as you.
Timothy Sackton: Get closer and closer to this.
Timothy Sackton: Spot where you expect something to happen.
Timothy Sackton: And as you appear, why are you.
Timothy Sackton: Still in the canoe I don't have a canoe token but i'll just keep you on the line here.
Timothy Sackton: So who is who's in the front of the canoe within the middle of the canoe I see him.
Rev. David (he/him): I think i'm in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For us find the front right.
Timothy Sackton: breeze got to be in the back if she's paddling okay.
Kate: And I will be in the front.
um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is how you would enter be in the front.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mr fighter guy what the answer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we put him up at the bar in the middle.
Kate: come out swinging under.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): put me in coach.
Timothy Sackton: So you.
Timothy Sackton: just see here, if I can.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay here's the canoe.
Timothy Sackton: And you are all it's pretty.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: So you can't unless you've jumped into the water you can't move out of the canoe yeah obviously.
Timothy Sackton: And this is, this is a salt marsh landscape, but as you come into this pool right here, it is completely covered in missed your visibility is maybe five or 10 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Great at the most um.
Timothy Sackton: But as you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There is any way to help with our visibility.
Kate: And not really.
Kate: weather worker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: weather savvy.
Timothy Sackton: whoops sorry hold on here.
Timothy Sackton: accidentally put you in the map, instead of.
Kate: we're pretty close now to the pool.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so I mean the water has has you've now gotten into a spot where the narrow canal has has opened up um and you can sense that there's more water to your right, and your left, but you can't.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see anything clearly.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: It is all just mists floating around, and you can you can you know here i'm the sort of drip of the rain.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing seems to be moving i'm real can you make a stealth check.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as you.
Timothy Sackton: paddle silently through the water.
Timothy Sackton: For a moment nothing seems to happen.
Timothy Sackton: You can continue.
Timothy Sackton: Continuing any.
Kate: sense of the direction or how close we are.
Kate: In fact, for instance, was trying to pick a particular 20 foot cube to.
Kate: enchant Would I be able to aim it.
Timothy Sackton: You can you don't have a great sentence, you can just gas.
Timothy Sackton: I mean close to what, what do you what are you looking for.
Kate: i'm done if misty creatures could possibly become glowing misty creatures that were easier to pick out.
Timothy Sackton: A 20 foot cube is four squares by four squares.
Timothy Sackton: So you can just pick some four squares that you know, a point you want to aim it at.
Timothy Sackton: So far, you're still as far as you can tell drifting silently on the messed.
Kate: alright.
Kate: um.
Kate: Because we sort of reached as far as we know, the sack of Turk.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you're now where is his Turk under neath you where is your spell has worn off, so you can't see through his eyes anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'll keep Turkey Turkey right next the boat.
Timothy Sackton: make a style check for Kirk to.
Timothy Sackton: Just roll I did 20 plus.
Timothy Sackton: plus five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
wow.
Timothy Sackton: Turk is silent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: isn't visible.
Kate: The sense we're trying to be silent, the amount of music that I required a cast the spell I will keep incredibly.
Kate: subtle in the back of my throat but i'm going to cast fairy fire and sort of.
Kate: 40 foot cube it's a front vaguely slightly right ish of the boat.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas just point to the square that you want to be the Center of the cube.
Kate: Trying to make a winter thing that I can.
Timothy Sackton: Have you just long click on the map.
Timothy Sackton: So, like okay so like this square is the Center.
Timothy Sackton: Does point here.
And then it goes.
Kate: up a little further ahead of us, since we haven't had anything in there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So let me.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So, like that.
Kate: sure.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you begin this haunting melody begins to spin out from the boat.
Timothy Sackton: I need you all to roll initiative.
Kate: and very quiet haunting melody.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're still casting a.
Timothy Sackton: spell it's gonna break your your staff, but you will get off your spell before anything else happens.
Rev. David (he/him): you hear a whisper from over my shoulder that says they're coming.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, UK.
Kate: know why my thing didn't go through.
Timothy Sackton: And automatically balls advantage for you already.
Rev. David (he/him): Have the 30 plus our advantage.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You get advantage that initiative that's exciting.
Rev. David (he/him): Because.
Rev. David (he/him): During dog gives me a heads up.
that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How did you guys meet.
Rev. David (he/him): You know, this is probably not the right time for the story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or it could be the best time for the story.
Timothy Sackton: Is if we're going to die okay so sorry, let me add these to the turn order.
Kate: it's something come up for you in your 20s when I hit something in d&d beyond.
Timothy Sackton: know but just tell me what you old it's fine.
Kate: it's 23 even a number, you can roll.
yeah.
Kate: Okay that's what it told me when like the little three dimensional dice roll across the screen, you know why did that doesn't usually do that.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so wait I got a role for them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You TIM, do you have to offer them.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't think he does.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And these two need to make deck says.
Timothy Sackton: So as.
Timothy Sackton: As the rest of begins to whisper this haunting melody just as.
Timothy Sackton: you hear the noise of creatures worrying wings.
Timothy Sackton: Flying down to attack you see two these two here.
Timothy Sackton: highlighted in a glowing.
Kate: Green.
Kate: What faint green lights.
Timothy Sackton: A faint green light.
Timothy Sackton: And those two, you can see, the other two, you cannot.
Timothy Sackton: And marissa you are.
Timothy Sackton: First.
Kate: Right.
Kate: So I take a look at those.
Kate: At.
Kate: One further away from us.
Kate: And I start to sing very.
Kate: unpleasant song.
Kate: That.
Kate: I focus on it's.
Kate: That work, no.
Here we go.
Kate: So I focus on it and I don't know if it can, if missed feels pain, but they'll see it is can have psychic thoughts and you know.
Kate: Large I wanna.
say.
Timothy Sackton: A wisdom safe.
Timothy Sackton: yep it fails.
Kate: So it.
Kate: Listen, since I can hit this.
Kate: I heard this three dimensional nice flying around 21.
Kate: not going into 20.
Timothy Sackton: Oh cuz it on your new computer you probably don't have.
Timothy Sackton: You probably still need to turn on that install and enable the D amp D beyond APP.
Kate: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: OK that's OK, I can see your roles on the.
Timothy Sackton: On the D amp D beyond game blog.
Timothy Sackton: So it screeches in horror and it and then fleas.
Timothy Sackton: And it just disappears into the mess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which one does.
Timothy Sackton: One of the steam creatures.
Rev. David (he/him): The land is no longer visible.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's too far away now to be seen, even with the clone outline, given the density of fog it's gone from lately obscured to heavily obscured so just totally invisible you still can see the light faintly in the distance, but you can't pinpoint its location.
Timothy Sackton: I assume that ends your turn.
Kate: I.
Kate: Will I see.
Kate: A good cheering song to.
Kate: Anders to see if.
Kate: I can encourage him and his attempts to.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Real Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the two that are not inside the square, we can see those.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see those now.
Timothy Sackton: You can hear them, you can hear them, but if you attack them you'll have disadvantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay they're not hidden from you, but they're just blending into the midst, you can just hear the sort of tackling is of their wings.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, by the way, it does just blue have its own initiative or today.
Timothy Sackton: No blue goes after your turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay perfect I will throw a javelin at the one that I can see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, your spear right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah my sorry my spirit my spirit returning out.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome.
Timothy Sackton: Okay yeah that hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I will do that again.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: That hits as the so you throw your spirit it pierces through it there's like a flash of steam, and then it the spear immediately reappears in.
Timothy Sackton: Re his hand and then flies again.
Timothy Sackton: And this steaming creature just bursts.
Timothy Sackton: into a i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Just explodes in this bursting cloud of steam.
Rev. David (he/him): that's a good trick real.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: learned a bunch since i've last week five, this is pretty fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: huh so gotta tell me how you met your sword.
Timothy Sackton: So blues up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blue will will hopefully have advantage because he's been stealthy as far as Turk in the water and he's gonna he's gonna fly up and try to attack the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The one closest to the book.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as he birthed out of the water and turns into the spray.
Timothy Sackton: He would have disadvantage because of the creatures unseen but because he's hidden i'll give him advantage, so that cancels so it's a straight well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what am I what am I really here just wanting 20 quest what.
Timothy Sackton: Wendy 20.
Timothy Sackton: it's your it's your spell attack modifier so it's it's one day 20 plus sex.
ice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
Timothy Sackton: And, and he does Wendy four plus six damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so and then still has a here, I have a token for for blue.
Timothy Sackton: So he still probably has 30 feet of movement and remember blue as fly by so he can fly away from creatures, without taking opportunity attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah he will fly away.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You will fly out like to the other side of the 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you should be able to move the Hawk.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah, that in.
Timothy Sackton: Your turn review and or Europe.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, I can't see any creatures right now right.
Timothy Sackton: Now you can hear the two the two over here are.
Timothy Sackton: Are not hidden from you.
Timothy Sackton: So you know where they are, but you can't see them.
Rev. David (he/him): All right.
Rev. David (he/him): Can I wait and just attack if they come closer.
Rev. David (he/him): So.
Timothy Sackton: You can hold your action to attack, if anything, comes up in range yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): A holding attack action so somebody comes in rage.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so now it is they are turn this one is going to fly.
Timothy Sackton: 20.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: fly to there and then.
Timothy Sackton: is going to inhale a cone of scalding skeet steam.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to hit all three of you everybody needs to make a dexterity saving throw.
up that.
Timothy Sackton: You all succeed i'm taking.
Timothy Sackton: A total of two points of fire damage each.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: This one will.
Timothy Sackton: fly to the other side.
bastard.
Timothy Sackton: You can make your attack against that if you'd like.
Rev. David (he/him): To reverse it will do that.
Rev. David (he/him): Does the first tech.
Timothy Sackton: That you only got one attack on oh yeah you only got one attack, because you held your action it's not the attack you can only multi attack on your turn.
Timothy Sackton: But that heads.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't get to a text when I take the attack action regardless.
Timothy Sackton: You get you only get two attacks on your turn if you hold your action to attack when somebody else.
Timothy Sackton: To like do something else you only get one attack.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay well here's some damage.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: slightly off balance.
Timothy Sackton: You swing at it cutting through the steam.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Now breathes another cone of scalding steam at you and everybody needs to make another dexterity citizen.
Rev. David (he/him): To actually think that damage isn't correct because, with great weapon mastery rural ones i'm a damage dice.
Timothy Sackton: Now that's not great weapon master that's the great work that's the great weapon fighting style.
Rev. David (he/him): Also, have that, though.
Timothy Sackton: You do.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, sure.
Timothy Sackton: That you had Defense.
Rev. David (he/him): Defense oh nevermind there but you're right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: deck save from you.
Timothy Sackton: nervous and review, but succeed and take two points of damage you fail and take four points of fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: From the nasty nasty creatures okay this one's dad.
Timothy Sackton: This one is going to fly back.
Timothy Sackton: 123456 So you can see it come back and range.
Timothy Sackton: And then i'm.
Timothy Sackton: lunging.
Timothy Sackton: Out of the mists.
Timothy Sackton: Through the water.
Timothy Sackton: landing.
Timothy Sackton: right next to the canoe.
Timothy Sackton: Is a.
Timothy Sackton: A human.
Timothy Sackton: But skin entirely sort of cracked with flame almost like.
Timothy Sackton: likes scabs like almost like if there was blood using through crack scabies thick skin except the blood is fire.
Timothy Sackton: And, as he lands the water around them steam this about six feet deep up to maybe his.
Timothy Sackton: Mid chest.
Timothy Sackton: Slightly taller than a substantially taller than a normal human right, this guy's probably seven ish seven and a half feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: i'm wearing heavy Armor and he's got a flaming spear in his hand and, as he lands he's going to take a stab Well, first of all he's going to attempt to capsize the boat.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Review make a.
Timothy Sackton: Make.
Timothy Sackton: make a strength jack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's different than a strict saving role.
Timothy Sackton: Just a plain strength check Nada saving for our just roll at the 20 and add Wendy 20 plus four.
Timothy Sackton: So you you brace yourself against the boat and it rocks but doesn't tip over.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and he has gone to.
Timothy Sackton: Step step here and take a swing at marissa.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to be a 15 to hit.
Timothy Sackton: which I assume hats.
Kate: My Armor class is 14.
Timothy Sackton: So my hats.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you take.
Timothy Sackton: You take four points of.
Timothy Sackton: piercing damage and.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The dice roller isn't working here um.
Timothy Sackton: And four points of fire damage and then i'll turn around again and strike.
Rev. David (he/him): before that happens, I use my reaction to chop that guy up with Sentinel attack when a creature within five feet makes an attack against the target, other than you, you can use your reaction to make melee weapon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: SEC.
Timothy Sackton: That has.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kept it and.
Rev. David (he/him): that's a solid good.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't seem fazed by it, he kind of like dodges out of the way slightly um you know it's like glancing blow but he's not particularly bothered by it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is going.
Rev. David (he/him): For clarity that he takes the damage.
Timothy Sackton: He takes the damage yeah okay.
Kate: The damage that he was trying to inflict before android stepped in.
Timothy Sackton: still take the damage yeah and then he is going to.
Timothy Sackton: stab it and are.
Timothy Sackton: We just going to be a 17 to hit.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll just left there's a period away.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and that will end his turn.
Timothy Sackton: bring us back to the USA.
Kate: Right.
Kate: Oh.
Kate: Yes, i'm right there.
Kate: Sorry there's a.
Timothy Sackton: via your next.
Just.
Kate: I think i'll.
Kate: sing a sort of.
Kate: Violent.
Kate: song and see if.
Kate: I can burst it it's bubble, with a loud ringing noise in philly intense.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you putting this.
Kate: i'm putting it.
Kate: See.
Kate: Well, actually i'm not sure that I could not hit Anders enter there is it 10 foots here.
Kate: So.
Kate: I mean, I guess, if it put it behind the fire guy.
Timothy Sackton: If you're only getting a single target list shatter you're almost certainly do way more damage with your don't do more damage probably just attack or dissonant whispers.
Kate: Well shatters 3D eight and my attack for with my sword is only one day I was gonna attack with my sword it's.
Timothy Sackton: 2d if you use blade flourish it's 2d.
Kate: Okay, I was because they add oh right.
Timothy Sackton: They add yeah.
Kate: Yes, I was gonna attack with my buddy but then I was fazed by the whole thing anyway so i'm going to attack with my.
Kate: Attack with my weapon my.
Kate: sword.
Timothy Sackton: So make your make your attack well.
Kate: I do, I hit this this sword to do the tackle.
Timothy Sackton: it's windy 20 plus sex yeah if you hit the sword, it should know where it says hat plus sex.
Kate: that's 22.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah you had um.
Kate: and
As.
Timothy Sackton: As you had so role 2d eight plus three.
Kate: Well, it says when I it says the damage will be one day, plus three.
Timothy Sackton: If.
Timothy Sackton: It was happening today you're.
Timothy Sackton: Right and then you do addict you do an additional one day damage from blade for us.
Kate: Seven plus six.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, okay.
Timothy Sackton: i'm so.
Timothy Sackton: Interested sword moves like almost.
Timothy Sackton: Like ridiculously fast and just find the weak point in this guy's Armor and slices item that's your action.
Timothy Sackton: BONUS action anything.
Kate: i'm.
Kate: Now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay Rhea you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, um I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guess I should kill this dude that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll try to attack the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's one thing yeah.
that's right there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With my spear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a melee weapon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck it up.
that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not dead, yet.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Wait hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have a.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you have a shield, so this is one handed okay so nine damage.
Timothy Sackton: No, it is that it explodes and a burst of steam.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You have to make a dexterity saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It.
Timothy Sackton: And you take eight points of fire damages the steam washes over you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: eight points of fired so.
Timothy Sackton: that's your first attack you still get a second attack.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to throw my spear at this fucking dude.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Bad Mrs just glancing off his Armor as it POPs back into your hand.
Timothy Sackton: Though what's blue doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will send blue to attack Armor got.
A guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fly there and then attacking them to escape again.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much total move does he have.
Blue has.
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet of know 60 feet of move yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect all right yeah then i'll bring them over here attack on that i'm going away.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So when did 20 plus sex.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs just playing off his Armor.
Timothy Sackton: And our Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking kill us did.
Rev. David (he/him): A survey killing that steam guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): The here's steam guy attack.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
Rev. David (he/him): cheers steam guard damage.
Timothy Sackton: He also explodes and you also need to make a dexterity saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: I you dodge out of the way men are managed to like get behind like throwing your cloak up and.
Timothy Sackton: block the steam you take no damage.
awesome.
Rev. David (he/him): So, because I reduced a creature to zero hit points.
Timothy Sackton: You can make an extra attack of the bonus.
Making.
Rev. David (he/him): So i'm going to make two attacks now on the Armor guy yep.
Rev. David (he/him): BA BA.
Rev. David (he/him): And okay so here comes to tech number one.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Rev. David (he/him): damage.
Rev. David (he/him): Your comes to tech to.
Timothy Sackton: That methods.
Rev. David (he/him): I will.
Rev. David (he/him): know.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay um.
Rev. David (he/him): that's that for now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see they're all Dan.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so now he's gonna turn kind of looking between the two of you and he's going to now take this flaming spear and just.
Timothy Sackton: jam it with two hands down into the canoe itself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it's.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to hat.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Pearson as a whole to the canoe the flames kind of charring the edge of the canoe.
Timothy Sackton: begins to sync.
Rev. David (he/him): him, would you say that was an attack against the target, other than me.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): awesome almost like this guy up again.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay he's my reaction to.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs.
Rev. David (he/him): I am going to add my precision attacks superiority dice to that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Which is on exactly how to do it from some.
Timothy Sackton: it's just a da right.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Rev. David (he/him): turns that into a hit.
Timothy Sackton: OK.
Timothy Sackton: Man friends the damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he ended.
Timothy Sackton: he's trying to look a little shaken up.
Rev. David (he/him): Not like we've done some relatively serious damage on him at this point.
Timothy Sackton: badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: He has gone to after poking a hole here he's gonna take a step there.
Timothy Sackton: And it's gonna.
Timothy Sackton: stab another hole in the canoe.
Rev. David (he/him): Sorry, I get an attack of opportunity, as he leads.
Timothy Sackton: You aren't used your reaction.
Rev. David (he/him): tech of opportunity I don't believe is a reaction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, ah.
Ah, sorry.
Timothy Sackton: It takes a reaction to make an attack of opportunity.
Timothy Sackton: But you will stand and all you can use your reaction when a creature moved into your range, as well as when it leaves your range.
Timothy Sackton: or sorry no that's polar master nuts and sentinels just have an attack somebody else.
Timothy Sackton: So pokes another hole into the canoe which is now rapidly falling out from below, you and then it's going to turn around and make a third spear attack at.
Timothy Sackton: at Rio.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to be in an eight.
Timothy Sackton: which Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: And that will end his turn.
Timothy Sackton: The canoe now with two giant holes in it just sinks away.
Timothy Sackton: Marisa you are now standing on top of the water.
Timothy Sackton: Rio, you are swimming in the water.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and or you are sinking to the bottom of the water, which is six feet deep, so I will say you can still like breathe.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Kate: mersch nearby that he can walk up on.
Timothy Sackton: yeah this well it's hard to see you can only see about 10 feet away from you.
Timothy Sackton: There is marsh you can sort of sense vaguely that like 10 feet in this direction there's solid ground.
Timothy Sackton: But interested it's your turn.
All right.
Kate: well.
Kate: No i'm just i'll swing at it again with my sword.
eight.
Kate: I don't know why i'm swinging before I rolled the thing.
Timothy Sackton: that's right damage first.
Kate: I know.
Timothy Sackton: I need to hit first.
Kate: Right, I know.
Timothy Sackton: Now doesn't hit.
him it's.
Timothy Sackton: Real.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck man um well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will attack in.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): that's good strategy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I mean really is extremely good at fighting in the water, so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're fine.
Timothy Sackton: And you don't have you can breathe underwater so you don't care.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the Fuck.
Timothy Sackton: But that messes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My first one um yeah so shorts this you know, like like that the other times we've we've fought because, like both was here and froch can all spite and swim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You actually have 3D battles in the water it's like to actually like bite properly it's like you need three dimensional fighting because it's like how many feet below or you know it's like it's like it's a totally different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: modality yeah we need like a 3D tube to properly fight.
Rev. David (he/him): Anders needs alicia good for this campaign.
Timothy Sackton: That hats that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: enter scenes yeah what the Fuck dude are you going to fight the ocean with us for the in this this whole situation.
Timothy Sackton: he's definitely looking wounded at this point, I mean he's been like the there's like cracks opening slightly like that last Ted actually you know scored him a bet and he's wearing down.
Timothy Sackton: wearing down a bit you know not close to death or anything you haven't gotten a solid like slice on him but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like yell after that last one, do you yield.
Timothy Sackton: And what language.
primordial.
Timothy Sackton: If you will leave, I will not chase you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Leave the lizard folk alone.
Timothy Sackton: They know what they need to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If your demand upon them remains your life is at risk.
Timothy Sackton: looks like your life is at risk.
Timothy Sackton: Making intimidation jack.
Timothy Sackton: And Europe.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm going to move.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's not particularly moved by that so everything kinds of difficult terrain, for you.
Rev. David (he/him): Well i'm only going i'm having trouble moving my token.
Rev. David (he/him): Let me see i'm just going one square he's.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I may.
Timothy Sackton: This should be Oh, here we go hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, now, you should be able to move your character, but you're just going there yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you can do that you're like pushing through the water like you know is barely up and you will have disadvantage on your attacks because swinging a great sword when you're in six feet of water is not that easy.
Rev. David (he/him): Unless What if it's directly Downs over that that.
Kate: that's quite as fast.
Timothy Sackton: as possible and yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm going to you i'm going to do a fainting attack so i'm going to just sort of body check them and then slice.
I got.
Rev. David (he/him): advantage.
Rev. David (he/him): which should cancel that out.
Timothy Sackton: That cancels yep.
Rev. David (he/him): And then that's how much damage will be added, if I do hit, which I very much do not.
know.
Timothy Sackton: Being in the water is throwing you.
off.
Timothy Sackton: The mind thinking you're thinking down into your boots in the mud cloak clinging to you sort arms like hard to get up just swing wide.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll give it a shot a second time here's what this advantage.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs as well.
Rev. David (he/him): The 14 i'm going to add the precision attack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
To.
Rev. David (he/him): 16.
Timothy Sackton: Just just barely Mrs.
Rev. David (he/him): well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you have so many fancy fucking things dude or your fighter right.
Rev. David (he/him): mm hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have we ever had a fighter.
Timothy Sackton: fighter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: troxell federated.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That brings it to his turn and he is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, now that is sung the canoe.
Timothy Sackton: The water is sort of steaming around him, he is going to start by making a.
Timothy Sackton: attack against.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's not super happy in this position um.
Timothy Sackton: He will make he will actually step.
Timothy Sackton: This way.
Timothy Sackton: moving out of the reach of reuse, so you get an opportunity attack you can use reaction.
Timothy Sackton: That hats, so you you.
Timothy Sackton: Catch him a glancing blow, as he steps away and now he is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Take a swing at.
Timothy Sackton: marissa.
Timothy Sackton: Which is gonna be a 15 to head.
Kate: I trash talk admin bit well, he is attacking me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah roll your yay.
Kate: i'm trying to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Open you subtract the date.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from her from his role.
Kate: yeah.
Kate: one.
Timothy Sackton: Now that's not enough.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you take.
Timothy Sackton: You take six points of piercing damage and one point of fire damage.
Rev. David (he/him): Now use my reaction to slash back at him since he attacked.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, though with disadvantage which.
Timothy Sackton: That messes.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and then he is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Take a swing at you.
Timothy Sackton: And there.
Timothy Sackton: Which is a 19.
Rev. David (he/him): not good enough i'll say see it's not so easily fighting and water.
Timothy Sackton: Take another swing, which is a tad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's your AC.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Doc.
Timothy Sackton: And then he's gonna move sound arrest that you can make an attack of opportunity against them, if you want.
Kate: you're right man with my sword.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Timothy Sackton: 1818 hats.
Timothy Sackton: 11 as well, you don't get the blade for us as a tax opportunity.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, because that requires you.
Timothy Sackton: Casting this catch up and then he's going to step up.
Timothy Sackton: vanishing so let's see the only one, you can now see him his ender just faintly into the mists.
Timothy Sackton: And he's gonna turn and yell something echoing down this tunnel.
na.
Timothy Sackton: intruders.
Timothy Sackton: dress, it is now your turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We got to kill this guy fast.
Rev. David (he/him): we're committed, we have no boat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Kate: i'm.
Kate: well.
Kate: i'm glad he got out of rain i'm just gonna fire bolt him.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: you'll have to get within 10 feet, so you can see him.
Timothy Sackton: So you need a step one square closer to him.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait you see a fire elemental he's he is he is fire not going to damage them.
Kate: I don't know that necessarily hold true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Kate: give it a shot.
Timothy Sackton: Make your deck.
Timothy Sackton: That hats, but the fire just splashes over him harmlessly.
Kate: All right, you're right.
Timothy Sackton: Real you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking guy um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I can swim and stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's my living in.
Timothy Sackton: Its unaffected by swimming you have a swim speed equal to your moves be which is 35 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll get ready next to him to engage in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and I will attack him my spear.
Timothy Sackton: don't forget about real to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gleaming.
Timothy Sackton: Blue sorry.
Timothy Sackton: token is labeled real that Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Bad that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah he's.
Timothy Sackton: he's looking pretty tough now.
Timothy Sackton: Like he's step is slowing down these heads are are you know playing off him getting through his Armor a bit more than normal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: witnesses.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then this is.
Timothy Sackton: Get rid of these dead.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK and or you're out.
Rev. David (he/him): If I come here, am I out of the water is this.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you're out of the water there.
Timothy Sackton: While you're in shallower water.
Timothy Sackton: Still, difficult terrain, but no disadvantage tax.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, i'll shake some of the excess water off of me and just start hitting this guy.
Timothy Sackton: That misses.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
Timothy Sackton: he's clearly is clearly step is slowing a little bit and he is um.
Timothy Sackton: You know, certainly looking.
Timothy Sackton: Looking you know somewhat unhappy at the moment and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: going to just turn again and sort of yell back.
Timothy Sackton: You know, echoing down this.
Timothy Sackton: This tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: hurry.
Timothy Sackton: or or sorry not hurry up be warned.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh shut after him, no, there are no intruders he's mistaken.
Timothy Sackton: And that is going to take two swings at you.
Timothy Sackton: that's a 14 which Mrs and 16 which messages and when it review, which is an 11 he's clearly somewhat shaken at this point.
Timothy Sackton: And marissa Europe.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh hang on i'm gonna use my Sentinel attack your tech review so i'm gonna.
Timothy Sackton: I got.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's fucking sweet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice critical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: crit finish them off.
Rev. David (he/him): Alright, so that is the four should be doubled, so that should be 12.
Timothy Sackton: Now I rolled out just for all and now they're just.
Timothy Sackton: brilliant well another the sex.
hoops.
Timothy Sackton: Just draw a Wendy sex.
Rev. David (he/him): Sex well one day six.
Timothy Sackton: Because it doubles the you do an extra wet weapon dive damage, which is the sex.
Timothy Sackton: No, sorry tied to the sex night went to sex.
Rev. David (he/him): Alright, so seven well together.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So okay so eight and 715.
Timothy Sackton: Ah he's definitely looking shaken at this point like.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm i'm so sorry because i'm still learning the character, but.
Rev. David (he/him): On my turn when I score critical hit with a melee weapon, I can make another attack as a bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy shit.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: that's on your turn it's not your turn.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay okay okay.
Timothy Sackton: cuz it's a, this is a reaction on his turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, Nice dresses turn.
Kate: All right, i'm just gonna step, a little step closer to the.
Kate: dance swim with my sword, since this fire thing and reuse right about that all right.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: 1880 and just hats.
Kate: Eight plus a flourish.
Kate: A plus 513.
Timothy Sackton: Okay he's definitely looking shake into this point he's looking around the fire is.
Timothy Sackton: there's like you can almost see this fiery heart kind of pulsing through his skin is Armor is beginning to glow.
Timothy Sackton: Real Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gal to him yield and heal your beast, otherwise we fit me kill you now.
Timothy Sackton: make an intimidation check.
Timothy Sackton: He looks.
Timothy Sackton: nervous but says.
Timothy Sackton: He kind of looks at the three of you, and then looks back down the tunnel and he says.
Timothy Sackton: If you kill me, I will die in a blast of glory in honor of my master.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who is your master.
Timothy Sackton: He doesn't he's not responding to that he's just like looking for you know.
Timothy Sackton: eyes glowing red.
Timothy Sackton: his body was beginning to expand slightly as this flaming or you can start to see where his heart is is like almost like glowing in his chest.
Timothy Sackton: hey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a giant spear pierce's his heart and.
Rev. David (he/him): soul.
Ah.
Kate: And I guess she knows.
Timothy Sackton: he's not quite dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, until blue flies over and.
Timothy Sackton: he's like you know clearly like down on one leg now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Blue Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: dives out of the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bartenders.
Rev. David (he/him): what's down the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: giant.
Timothy Sackton: A giant wiener.
Rev. David (he/him): is just water there's nothing.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing coming out of the tunnel, now that you can see.
Rev. David (he/him): Her.
Rev. David (he/him): All right.
Timothy Sackton: that's real damage.
Timothy Sackton: You as as he has knocked back with with re his spear kind of pinned against this you just take a giant overhand swing.
Timothy Sackton: And if you strike him there's this moment of pure joy and his eyes before he explodes everybody needs to make a dexterity saving throw.
Kate: Money for.
Timothy Sackton: shrapnel like flying blast of metal shrapnel explode out from him.
Timothy Sackton: Real you take 26 points of piercing damage, as you are pelted with shards of his Armor.
Timothy Sackton: And and marissa you take 13 points of piercing damage as you managed to dodge partially out of the way.
Rev. David (he/him): well.
Rev. David (he/him): You don't see that every day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ryu is like fucking shrapnel like sticking out of him, like all over the place, he looks like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Barely like struggling on the Marsh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've definitely seen better days anybody can help me out here a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: You can.
Timothy Sackton: Help yourself out remember healings spirit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I yeah I can help myself that i'll do that.
Rev. David (he/him): Tomorrow, any of his awesome flaming weapons hanging around are those exploded.
Timothy Sackton: his entire body everything he was holding his Armor everything is just blasted apart.
Timothy Sackton: So you can heal up to 46.
Timothy Sackton: You can use it all for yourself, or you can you have 46 hours worth of healing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For oh yeah this is kind of cool so I create like a basically a healing square that people can like walk into or interact live in get heal and i've only got eight hit points left to fight, whatever the Fuck is going to come out of the swamp thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anybody else battling with it.
Kate: i'm at.
Kate: i'm at 13 out of 45 and I can hear myself to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about how about Anders.
Rev. David (he/him): 30 958 i'm i'm doing just fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'm gonna give all 46 to my cell phone.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you also have interest that you also have a potion or healing.
Kate: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And you have your.
Timothy Sackton: Pro power if you need any spell slots back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That as well 4610.
Timothy Sackton: yeah just 46.
Kate: Now, my third level spell slots line.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Please plate that's helpful.
Timothy Sackton: So you get 20 back Nice.
Rev. David (he/him): of me use my second when to regain a D 10 plus six.
Rev. David (he/him): Again that's sort of shake myself off real vigorously I do a few jumping Jacks hit my chest.
Timothy Sackton: So it's windy 10 plus your fighter right.
Rev. David (he/him): yep so yeah 11 back.
Rev. David (he/him): dude as real as being a fighter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's so great right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here Rangers sick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or ranger with a fucking shape shifting familiar.
Rev. David (he/him): These are fun characters.
Timothy Sackton: Are they doing anything.
Kate: I cast a healing potion on myself.
Kate: and killing I killed myself eight points.
Timothy Sackton: You are just standing around now are you gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean there's no is there anything coming out of the fucking total.
Timothy Sackton: There doesn't seem to be right at this moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): deepest the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, like how deep is the water.
Timothy Sackton: Or how far does it go how.
Rev. David (he/him): Deep is the water.
Timothy Sackton: The tunnel itself is so it it descends and as it descends it feels completely with water so after about maybe 10 feet.
Timothy Sackton: The entire tunnel is is water.
Timothy Sackton: And the tunnel itself is about a 20 foot in diameter circle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so few options on I can swim down there with blue or with Turk, we can go dive into the hole and see what the hell's going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now we'll probably get attacked by whatever the Fuck is down there, and whatever the Fuck is down there's probably gonna you just alive, so not actually contempt do the whole like you know get down there and then disengaged without.
Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's only blue.
Timothy Sackton: In the air it's only blue in the air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can send Turk down the scout.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: might be the best option I don't want to send me down there myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We.
Rev. David (he/him): I think that's fine plan you could also go up over the top, to see if there any other ways in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Through the nest.
Rev. David (he/him): And there may or may not be but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has the mist subsided at all time.
Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we stick together.
Rev. David (he/him): hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we stick together and climb on the nest.
Timothy Sackton: So up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, are there any signs like you know, like this the dude that just appeared like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there tracks did he did he walk from someplace The fly like Well, this is what's the deal.
Timothy Sackton: I mean seems to have gone.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever tracks he made were in the water.
Timothy Sackton: So are basically impossible to see.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah let's go to the where's the hut and.
Timothy Sackton: So the mound is like appear and it continues.
Timothy Sackton: It couldn't find a perfect map it's bigger than what's done this man, right here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay it's like you can't see you can just see the the edge of it here, but it goes up and around probably 100 feet, at least.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's close the mound.
Timothy Sackton: Okay who's leading the way.
Rev. David (he/him): I can take the damage but i'm really not the best tracker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spotted early.
Timothy Sackton: I can take the lead yeah make a survival check.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you pick your way up through this matted vegetation avoiding a couple of weak spots, that would have.
Timothy Sackton: Where the the roof would have collapsed and you seem to be climbing now on like some vast.
Timothy Sackton: Dome of have something like you pass through an area that's like spongy like it goes up a bit, and then it sort of stays flat for a while.
Timothy Sackton: you're maybe 2020 feet up.
Timothy Sackton: and clearly and you're sort of right at the edge like right above the mists now the Miss or maybe 1520 feet up from the surface of the water.
Timothy Sackton: And so you can see now there's still I mean there's still like faint mists but not nearly as deep mists though the surface here is bungee sort of piled with.
Timothy Sackton: You know, just like matted rotting vegetation wilting vegetation.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's almost like something has been dug out and that every there's like mud here, you see, like the occasional roots of plants.
Timothy Sackton: And it almost feels like you're walking on something solid until suddenly.
Timothy Sackton: you're not and there's like a much you you come to something that's you know you've been walking here you like your legs thinking up to your knee and this like thick rotted plant material.
Timothy Sackton: Actually i'll say make a dexterity saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: know just for you i'm your you fall now as you take a step forward i'm up basically up to your thigh right like your leg smashes through the roof here.
Timothy Sackton: And you can feel like air, on the other side of way your leg is is the vegetation is maybe a foot thick here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I quickly pull myself out.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah.
Kate: I can grab you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah pull myself out and then look through the whole lesson there what's in there.
Timothy Sackton: um there is a large pool maybe 60 feet across.
Timothy Sackton: With a.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: With like a.
Timothy Sackton: dry area that's like a matted beach of vegetation of.
Timothy Sackton: You know kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Like a basically a sort of beach that's been made of this rotting matter vegetation, on the other side at this large pool i'm just bubbling above the surface of the pool you see a let's see we got to have music for this.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry children watching TV.
Timothy Sackton: Know like basically three things happen at once, first of all in the pool you see this enormous.
Timothy Sackton: turtle.
Timothy Sackton: Like maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 15 feet across and just are 15 feet long and almost as wide i'm just like.
Timothy Sackton: You know matted spiky shell.
Timothy Sackton: But its head looks more like the head of a dragon.
Timothy Sackton: As it looks as it left out of the water and sort of like bell moaning and bellowing i'm on stock into its neck there's a black arrow that's like penetrating from its neck.
Timothy Sackton: glows faintly with red fire there's like little.
Timothy Sackton: arcs of fire running along the back of its neck.
Timothy Sackton: i'm standing on the shore.
Timothy Sackton: Looking up at you.
Timothy Sackton: As this whole.
Timothy Sackton: Is a.
Timothy Sackton: Another somewhat abnormally large human.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not not wearing Armor this one wearing a with a cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know pastor.
Timothy Sackton: lake of fire sort of stretching down off of the slack.
Timothy Sackton: Again sort of cracked with magma.
Timothy Sackton: It seems to be yelling something at this.
Timothy Sackton: turtle creature i'm.
Timothy Sackton: ordering it to in actually what languages, do you speak now you don't you don't understand that.
Timothy Sackton: And when it when you start when your leg falls through and then, when you hear through this not insignificantly small hole.
Timothy Sackton: Three blast of fire.
Timothy Sackton: Come flying up at your face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I dodge them all.
Rev. David (he/him): Well done.
Timothy Sackton: You what's your AC.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 17.
Timothy Sackton: You dodge them all, with the benefit of the cover that the vegetation around you provides they just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: asleep, where the fireballs coming from the spell caster guy but the rope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, okay good.
Timothy Sackton: it's not really a robe it's almost like fire kind of read the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Book okay fire cloak.
Timothy Sackton: And he then.
Timothy Sackton: Again yells at the dragon.
Timothy Sackton: turtle.
Timothy Sackton: turtle dragon whatever it is.
Timothy Sackton: And turns to look up, which then turns to look up at you kind of moaning slightly, what do you all do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have to have initiative.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah let's have let's have initiative, let me draw I didn't manage to make a bath with this, let me draw this out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, we got to rescue this dragon turtle and get it on our side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's gonna be great.
Rev. David (he/him): As soon as you're really old all this very rapidly and just a few words.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you see the fireballs come out.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dragon turtle spell caster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dragon turtle under control mind control i'm going to get blue to pull that spear out.
Rev. David (he/him): The spell casters on the beach.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): And the turtles in the water.
Timothy Sackton: The turtle is in the water.
Rev. David (he/him): that's a big animal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can like talk to it.
Timothy Sackton: And you are.
Timothy Sackton: You are on the roof.
Timothy Sackton: Like you, two are back here real just the like hall is like right here.
Timothy Sackton: And you two are still back here on the roof.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, let me add this all to initiative.
Finish.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and or is 13 sorry 14 yeah.
Timothy Sackton: review is for.
Timothy Sackton: marissa was.
16.
Timothy Sackton: Are you is for norris it was 16.
Timothy Sackton: Well, they will equally bad so.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so um.
Timothy Sackton: marissa you react first to these blasts of fire.
Kate: um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, this is also like starting to weaken the integrity of the roof here.
Timothy Sackton: as well.
Timothy Sackton: So real you are in danger of of falling.
Timothy Sackton: it's about 20 feet, down to the water.
Timothy Sackton: But it's into water so with a good acrobatics check, you can.
Timothy Sackton: or athletics, you can land without damage.
Kate: The turtles like 35 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: Roughly yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though I think blue is going to try to pull the spear out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean i'm just you know it's all negative it can try to pull the spear out, I think, really is going to sprint across the top of the NASA try to get closer to melee combat with spell caster.
Kate: Okay, I guess, we can still go over.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm gonna go after the.
Rev. David (he/him): tester also do we have to go around I mean is that a fair assumption.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly, the the so you you hear your interpretation was you walked over like the roof of the tunnel part which was all piled visitation that i've been dug out from this pool, and this roof that you're about to go over is much thinner so walking on it is clearly dangerous read through.
Rev. David (he/him): If we script the outside of the blue line is it reasonable to think we wouldn't fall.
Timothy Sackton: skirting the outside of the blue line is visible to thank you wouldn't fall through, but you don't your character, I don't actually know where the edge of the blue line is.
Timothy Sackton: That you can't see three of the vegetation.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, luckily it cuts both ways.
Timothy Sackton: Right so so i'll i'll just roll for and basically if you're trying to skirt the blue line.
Kate: And we is the only one who got a quick glance or did we also just have because I.
Timothy Sackton: mean i've real I assume like backed up.
Timothy Sackton: One yeah fire blast started to hit there's probably a five foot hole here anybody could look through it now.
Timothy Sackton: Like you can all see through the whole basically you can just only see like a line here, you can see, basically, the fire guy and the turtle in a line you can't see anything else.
Kate: I mean it's well lit enough to get a sense of the shape of the space, so you can try to approximate.
Kate: It or to skirting.
Timothy Sackton: it's dimly lit but you don't have you don't have a wide enough field of vision to be able to see the the edges.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got anything that can pull that spear out.
Timothy Sackton: right because it's a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: marathon.
Kate: i'm.
Kate: i'm i'm just gonna inch cautiously a little bit.
Kate: sort of let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can blue see in the dark.
Timothy Sackton: it's not dark in here it's it's dimly lit.
Timothy Sackton: All right, i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: glad to see the spirit.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah you can see, this now it's so there's I mean there's enough.
Timothy Sackton: kind of holes in the ceiling that there's some Gray light coming through and then there's also like a big like bonfire should put that on the took on here as well, there's like a big bonfire.
Timothy Sackton: over here.
Kate: So what do I need to roll this sort of.
Kate: very carefully, a bit this way a bit.
Kate: You see my arrow if 20 feet, too, though right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that's not your full movement, if you want to go carefully just touching the edge and go like 20 feet that's probably fine.
Kate: Can I do that and then do something else.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's just your movement, although you won't be able to see anybody so anything that requires line of sight won't work.
Kate: Right.
Timothy Sackton: But not everything requires line of sight like.
Timothy Sackton: In fact, very few of your spouse require login site.
Timothy Sackton: The only spells you have that require landing site are.
Timothy Sackton: Is counter spell.
Timothy Sackton: Everything else you can pretty much target.
Timothy Sackton: Without being able to see.
Timothy Sackton: whispers has to be within.
Timothy Sackton: has to be something somebody can hear.
Kate: that's 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but that's 60 feet.
Kate: don't just.
Kate: guess where i'm going is roughly 60 feet from the spell caster so.
Kate: Let me and range of most of my stuff.
Kate: Are you confident.
Kate: That well we'll just see i'm going to go.
Kate: Now, how do I know, do I move me.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can move you.
Kate: All right, I moved me and I.
Timothy Sackton: You go into there.
Timothy Sackton: Are you want to stay on the edge.
Kate: Sorry there.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And what are you doing.
Kate: I am well let's see now i'm not within 60 feet.
Kate: um.
Kate: Can can I go there, can I go less edge week because I didn't really know where the edge was and just take my chances on.
Kate: yeah they falling through.
Kate: Some hoops with them.
Kate: i'm.
Kate: So, then, I.
Kate: Cast isn't it whispers at that.
Kate: spell caster.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: he's exceeds on his saving throw, though.
Kate: So, but it still does like half damage.
Timothy Sackton: It does have to image.
Right.
Kate: So i'm.
Kate: Casting, it is a third level so that will be.
Kate: Half of 21.
Timothy Sackton: You sure you want to use your third level spell.
Kate: I have three of them and I used one yes.
whoops.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah bonus action.
Kate: i'm.
Kate: really want the.
Kate: I really went blue to succeed with this arrow can I can blueberries inspiration.
yep.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh cool.
Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spark inspiration give the one day or it gives advantage.
Timothy Sackton: When the eight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that ends your turn and or your up.
Rev. David (he/him): I think I am just going to.
Rev. David (he/him): A guy and I think i'm going to be sensible and not try to cross through the middle of a thing.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you just gonna run sort of along the edge as best you can yep okay let's see how close to the edge you managed to get.
Timothy Sackton: No you're fine you don't fall in.
Timothy Sackton: That ends your turn um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the Fuck Am I not had a chance, yet.
Timothy Sackton: Because he wrote a for for initiative.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the turn of the dude gets to act before before, yes, that twice.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: No he.
Timothy Sackton: You Yes, he got you.
Timothy Sackton: That was before combat started.
Timothy Sackton: hey and the rest of the cast very fiber for combat started.
Timothy Sackton: out as fam play.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He was kind of fishy TIM.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Rev. David (he/him): Though it was that was that a surprise around then.
Timothy Sackton: it's basically a surprise around yes.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't think I could I guess it wasn't me being surprised, is that the.
Timothy Sackton: You weren't even in combat at that point alright.
Timothy Sackton: So just he is basically just.
Timothy Sackton: Look real your leg fell through this guy was like okay that's somebody leg aim to spell out it when your.
Timothy Sackton: Face appeared in the hall boom boom boom you hit you with the spell.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the.
Timothy Sackton: um OK so.
Timothy Sackton: The dragon disappears for a moment the turtle and then bursts out of the.
Timothy Sackton: Out of the water and crashes into the ceiling, causing an enormous chunk of it to collapse.
Timothy Sackton: So there is now a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's the whole.
Timothy Sackton: There is now a hole.
Timothy Sackton: right there as well as the small hole here.
Timothy Sackton: And that will end is turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It will What did he do.
Rev. David (he/him): we're doing fine.
Timothy Sackton: He had left or down and then left out of the water smashed into the ceiling and cause the feeling to partially collapse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You just jumped up and smash the ceiling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep that's what he did first started.
Timothy Sackton: Alright that's already dead.
Timothy Sackton: And let's see here.
Timothy Sackton: What can we do here um.
Timothy Sackton: Can you see, I guess, he can see now from this whole this whole here real you are now clearly visible and another 3% of flame are going to fly towards you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, clearly visible.
Timothy Sackton: Because he's looking you're standing on the top here he's looking at you, through this giant hole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know i'm standing on the side right over here.
Timothy Sackton: Now you're right here.
Timothy Sackton: line of sight, he can see you through this massive hole in the roof.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not sure I am I am.
Timothy Sackton: you're right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see where I am but isn't the whole like isn't the hole in the ceiling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With how Would he be able to see me i'm on the side.
Kate: depends on the curvature for doom.
Kate: yeah.
picture of the day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'll leave it.
Timothy Sackton: All i'll say okay i'll say.
Rev. David (he/him): disadvantage virtual cover.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cover.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Jimmy carter's cover.
Timothy Sackton: um he's actually going to move he'll move slightly into the shallow part of the water to get a better angle, but have partial he'll have you have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Partial go.
Timothy Sackton: plus five cure AC.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: I like So where does that make your AC.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 22.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so first one, Mrs second one just hats.
Timothy Sackton: what's all the 23rd one messes.
Timothy Sackton: So you take.
Timothy Sackton: five points of fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: And that will end his turn.
Timothy Sackton: Now you're up for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, first the turtle how deep is that spirit inside the turtle.
Timothy Sackton: it's pretty buried.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pretty varied do I think that Lou is going to be strong enough to pull that out or she doesn't need like a human, to be on there and.
Timothy Sackton: spray know ospreys are not notably strong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so I gotta go pull the spear out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right on.
Kate: Alright, then.
Kate: You can give it a try but.
Kate: I waiting for blue to fail or succeed before I moved but.
Rev. David (he/him): How are you gonna put up, you may.
Rev. David (he/him): Work on that thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah did you have did you have a spell that you're going to use.
No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
Kate: going to pull on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much move to I have done.
Timothy Sackton: 35 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And can I like run across the top and then jump through the hole and try to land on the land on the turtle that's exactly 35.
Rev. David (he/him): sure.
Timothy Sackton: or make a.
Timothy Sackton: Make enough latics jack okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you land prone on the back of the turtle.
Timothy Sackton: And you take.
Timothy Sackton: You take three points of bludgeoning damage from the fall.
Timothy Sackton: But you are on the turtles back now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will try to pull out the sphere.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a strength jack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me first take the three days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Straight check i'll just this is just like straight straight straight.
Timothy Sackton: straight out yeah as you grab on to it first was he grabbed on to it i'm your finger hands start to steer in pain.
Timothy Sackton: As you take.
Timothy Sackton: seven points of fire damage and, as you try to pull back it's just stuck in there you you got it loose going to be easier, the next time i'm and you need to make a constitution saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hold on hold on hold on I need to I need to do some things here wait hold on thanks i'm dead i'm not dead, and I should have 20 points now 13 points on Why did I was getting myself plenty temporary headphones.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't want.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, did you not heal yourself the 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah somehow i'm dead, but i'm not dead, I should have I should have 13 hit points right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right now, it says look failure success.
Timothy Sackton: There you go reload your character sheet I fixed it for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I should have 13 at once right.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and now now what am I doing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make a constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: So the the as you grab onto it and try and pull it's just it's too hot to keep holding on to and you let go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um that's one action where's my whole action.
Timothy Sackton: that's your whole action yeah so bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: walking the hell man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So blue is not going to be able to pull that out.
Timothy Sackton: You can dry.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you've certainly you've loosened that it's still wedged in there pretty good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, all blue try.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a strength check for blue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's what's that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah Wendy 20 minus or plus one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on fucking blue give me something huge here.
Timothy Sackton: Blue blew off as bardic inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh nice I get to add one day yep.
Timothy Sackton: So blue grabs on to that blue takes.
Timothy Sackton: five points of fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: begins to yank and just like beating his wings.
Timothy Sackton: And loosens it again.
Timothy Sackton: it's getting looser.
Timothy Sackton: manages to pull it slightly out but it's not enough to detach it from this it's wedged in there pretty deep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blue flies away.
Timothy Sackton: Ah let's see that ends return marissa you're up.
Rev. David (he/him): It will be back in just a second my turn, though i'm just going to keep moving closer.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I still years adele you're still on the back of the turtle right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay.
Kate: And how can I see the turtle from where I am.
Timothy Sackton: i'm you can see it through the ceiling not well, it would have cover from your attacks.
Kate: Oh i'm not gonna attack it.
Kate: Okay i'm gonna miss the step to it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that's your bonus action you appear on its back.
Kate: And then i'm going to reach for that flaming arrow I don't I don't think shield will do me any good.
Kate: i'm not gonna bother to cast that.
Kate: i'm just glad it out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pulled it out.
Timothy Sackton: make a strength jack and.
So what is it.
Timothy Sackton: You take nine points of fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: As grab on to it.
Kate: What is a strength check how do I roll that it's not a saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Just the next your strength, if you click on the number underneath your strength that's a that turns into a role.
Kate: But my strength is only oh there it is sorry.
Kate: That to something.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't see her all.
Kate: 16.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you grab it.
Timothy Sackton: You give it one more yank.
Timothy Sackton: And the arrow goes flying out.
Kate: Did you say nine damage with my.
Timothy Sackton: Nine damage yes.
Kate: Okay.
Kate: Is it like just go flying into the water or like do we want to keep an eye on that arrow.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean you can try to hold on to it, if you want.
Kate: it's I mean it's probably hard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way through that spell caster.
Kate: Knowing an arrow is very effective.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can can she give it to a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: review to throw it throw it out the because.
Timothy Sackton: He throws me a while.
First.
Timothy Sackton: make a constitution saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, the stairs five resistant to fire, like the other viewed so it's probably pointless to do anything with this other than drop it in the water.
yeah.
Kate: i'm just hoping that it stays dropped in the water, if we drop it in the water and doesn't like return back to him, like one of your error or thing them or boppers fears.
Timothy Sackton: You drop the arrow and falls into the water steaming.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The turtles now right.
Timothy Sackton: And aaron's gonna keep running.
Timothy Sackton: To like they're.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: let's see if he falls through.
Timothy Sackton: Now you've been lucky i'm.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: turtle is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Turn confused.
Timothy Sackton: Look around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like beasts like animal communication smart says stuff.
Timothy Sackton: And it is going to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's it's not sure what to do at the moment it's gonna take no action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't like communicate with it.
Timothy Sackton: You can try talking through it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what were my abilities to like like animal handling and all that stuff but for us the.
Timothy Sackton: Animal handling as a skill, you also have spells you have speak with animals.
Timothy Sackton: Their animal friendship.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Be sense.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Animal friendship, the shit out of those elements to.
Timothy Sackton: As.
Timothy Sackton: This creature this the fire cultist i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sees you i'm.
Timothy Sackton: standing on top of the turtle holding the the the arrow which then drops it's going to start casting a spell aim that you.
Timothy Sackton: And a fireball explodes over your heads.
Timothy Sackton: So dexterity saving us from the two of you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You take 22 points of fire damage.
Kate: Oh lovely.
Timothy Sackton: and real you take 11 points of fire damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh Fuck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That to the points.
Rev. David (he/him): goods are in rough shape over there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's gonna move.
Timothy Sackton: To here.
Timothy Sackton: And that will end this turn.
Timothy Sackton: Really you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i've got two things I can do it, I forgot that I can cast spells servants in way smarter to do earlier, I fucking absorb elements which is like annoying as Fuck I should have a tap cast this like at the beginning of all of this stuff with with the other.
Timothy Sackton: that's every action that you can cast when you take.
Timothy Sackton: When you take damage from.
Timothy Sackton: Fire so you could cast that right now, if you wanted and you would take half damage from the fireball.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh hell yeah I do that.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So instead of.
Timothy Sackton: 11 buoyancy you take five points of damage so heal yourself six points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also like a store that for a future attack right.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so I did that, as a reaction so that's that's.
Timothy Sackton: yep okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the other thing I want to do is cast animal friendship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My guy right here.
Timothy Sackton: Our guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's my main move.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hold on hold on hold on should I do animal friendship or speak with animals.
I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where if I do animal friendship it's feliz you choose convincing BC you needed a hard she's a beast if the if the beast intelligence is for higher the spell fails, otherwise the beast must maybe animal maybe maybe maybe speak with animals will be better, so I can just.
Rev. David (he/him): Talk to it.
Rev. David (he/him): looks like a dragon kind of thing is probably pretty smart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right yeah i'm going to speak about animals.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you can speak with animals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I speak with it now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you can try.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you want to say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want to say on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We pulled the flame we pull the flame arrow from your neck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The spell caster is on the beach help us, we are your friends.
Timothy Sackton: um it's trying to look around and see what's on its back I can't it's like can't quite get his head around to see you.
Timothy Sackton: And it doesn't seem to understand what you're saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That damn it.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, maybe it's not an animal.
Kate: Can I speak to it, can I, I mean i'm out of turn but can I talk I don't know what.
The yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's also your term because well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A blue blue blue blue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blue is gonna attack the stock faster.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Can you get there 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: No he can't quit yeah he can get there.
Timothy Sackton: But he won't be able to flee.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean he's let's.
Timothy Sackton: uh let's see he took nine from grasping the thing.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: He took five earlier so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That 14.
Timothy Sackton: Is at 14.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's probably good for him to be engaged with them right so that way there's like.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: it's up to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why not lose a big boy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make your.
Timothy Sackton: pitch that Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: So in there, so you're up.
Kate: Standing where I am I say.
Kate: The air that was hurting you hurt us, but it is gone I say the Center comic.
Kate: Would you.
Kate: prefer to leave this shore and not.
Kate: Be.
Kate: subjugated by these fire masters any longer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and help us.
Kate: Help us.
Kate: read them.
Kate: A martian or.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sort of Mecca persuasion check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's your all.
Timothy Sackton: Right, did you just really rolling 30.
Kate: I did just really roll it 30.
Kate: How, because I have a plus 10 to persuasion and I rolled in that 20.
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are fucking saved.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are fucking say dragon turtle save us now.
Rev. David (he/him): New Arc pet dragon turtle.
Timothy Sackton: wow it looks it looks around in it finally manages to sort of.
Timothy Sackton: meet your eyes and you see it i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kind of looking at you and and as you're talking to it.
Timothy Sackton: you realize.
Timothy Sackton: As this type of creature goes, you are speaking to a child.
Timothy Sackton: And it looks scared and it sort of bellows.
Timothy Sackton: And it's you sort of gritting his teeth and trying to speak through.
Timothy Sackton: pain or confusion.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: The arrow is it's and it's sort of like um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's almost as if it's being prevented from speaking, but it like forces itself to talk because it rack is sort of sees you as like this glowing hero mother figure.
Timothy Sackton: And looks up at its at it says, I can't.
Timothy Sackton: I am not free until the spell eds.
Timothy Sackton: break its concentration.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you have to hit it and do damage to it, so it fell to concentration check.
Timothy Sackton: But I will try to keep you safe.
Timothy Sackton: And it.
Timothy Sackton: kind of like again like grits and tries to keep from being forced to act ah.
Timothy Sackton: i'll say because that was a long conversation well what is there anything else you want to do this turn.
Kate: um.
Kate: Where Am I just want to check doing I don't know if I want to move well yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I cast a spell and break the concentration of the zero way to attack that or is that, like there was talking to the action.
Timothy Sackton: Talking was your action, but if you want to do a bonus action you still can.
Kate: um I don't really have any bonus actions that I can do i'm out of.
Kate: inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: Turn you have one more.
Timothy Sackton: i'm pretty sure first one, the first one you used with yesterday, you should have gotten them back.
Kate: I should have gotten it back I didn't realize that a day had mass.
Timothy Sackton: Because the when you use for the investigation check for the survival check with yesterday.
Kate: Great.
Kate: good thing someone's keeping track of these things.
Kate: Well i'm thinking that.
Kate: i'm entered may be in a position to bludgeon this guy in his next move is the after me.
Timothy Sackton: Andrew is after you yep.
Kate: yeah so i'll magic i'll bardic inspiration and her.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, I will gladly take that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking guts go Jesus.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, Tim what I want to do is leap like jump forward crash down through the roof and close the distance with the rest of my move and then attack is that.
Timothy Sackton: A reasonable ah make enough next check.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh.
Timothy Sackton: You job.
Rev. David (he/him): Can I use my inspiration on that.
Timothy Sackton: Or is it still a wide know you can use your inspiration.
Rev. David (he/him): So da.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You jump and awkwardly crashed through, but instead of landing prone.
Timothy Sackton: you manage to.
Timothy Sackton: write yourself at the last.
minute.
Timothy Sackton: you're still going to take.
Timothy Sackton: 10 points of bludgeoning damages you land awkwardly on your legs walk by.
Timothy Sackton: You are not prime you still have the rest of your movement.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh right time to chop this guy up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's is Christ, please.
Rev. David (he/him): uh I will close i'm going to do a great weapon master attack can take the minus five.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, and then i'm also going to do a fainting attack to get that's my last superiority day and to get advantage on it.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That means very exciting.
Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, so you.
Timothy Sackton: got advantage on the attack.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh.
Kate: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait so he doesn't have to play it's a great right.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You do a show never that right.
Timothy Sackton: Massive shitload of damage yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So so that's your now rollin additional 2d six plus 10.
Rev. David (he/him): So that's 26 Oh, plus the one from the superiority dies 27.
Timothy Sackton: So 60 and 2727 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: In 28 1121 2028 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: wow yeah that's like a tough concentration jack.
Timothy Sackton: He has to beat a 14 year old an 18.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking bitch.
Rev. David (he/him): that's okay here's my second.
check.
Timothy Sackton: That hats that wasn't great weapon right.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh no it wasn't.
Timothy Sackton: OK another nine points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Zero concentration the again.
Timothy Sackton: yeah this time he only needs to be the 10.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the 15.
Rev. David (he/him): Action search and do another.
Timothy Sackton: one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So nasty.
Rev. David (he/him): that's another eight points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Our guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Concentration come on.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): And then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A little concentration.
Timothy Sackton: spell brakes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Back internal.
Timothy Sackton: The turtle.
Timothy Sackton: shakes his head and looks up oh sorry I forgot about this um ah.
Timothy Sackton: Every time you hit you take fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: So that was what three hits so far yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): i've got one more sex so but yep.
Timothy Sackton: So as you're slicing slicing into them there's like flame leaping to you, you take an 18 points of fire damage from your three attacks.
Timothy Sackton: As just cutting through these fiery robes but with your last attack he likes staggers back he's he's actually gotten kind of is looking.
Timothy Sackton: You know a little bit roughed up from these deer just relentless on slot, but when that last attack in the spout breaks he looks around like genuine fear coming over his eyes.
Timothy Sackton: still got one more attack.
Rev. David (he/him): Excellent i'll do this as a great weapon attack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: honey, what does that mean.
Rev. David (he/him): that's a 16 to hit.
Timothy Sackton: That just tats.
Rev. David (he/him): So I take a minus five to hit and I get plus tend to damage.
Timothy Sackton: All my other.
Timothy Sackton: six points of.
Rev. David (he/him): Damage to him.
Timothy Sackton: He take another six points of fire damage he thought had was pretty bad he's looking in seriously rough shape.
Rev. David (he/him): I think I did 66 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: dragon turtle now is going to yell in mechanic I hope you can swim.
Kate: Which.
Timothy Sackton: He dies dies underwater.
Timothy Sackton: swims to there.
Timothy Sackton: And then unleashes just a massive burst of evening water.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: flies just catching the edge of this.
Timothy Sackton: Of this creature missing.
Timothy Sackton: missing.
Timothy Sackton: And he takes.
Timothy Sackton: 46 reduce by resistance.
Timothy Sackton: He takes 23 points of fire damage from the blistering steam that spreads over him.
Timothy Sackton: And then we'll look.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and he is going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Be right on the back of the turtle, by the way.
Kate: No, he said we hoped we could swim and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He just went away and then we're just swimming and we're just like now in the water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah this one marissa and I are.
Timothy Sackton: nurses, on top of the water.
Kate: i'm standing there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and i'm now in the water okay.
Let me just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, why are you drawing boxes like that no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: dazzling.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A dazzling pattern appears in the air flashing above marissa and the turtle.
Kate: And I catch shield.
Timothy Sackton: Well shield isn't gonna do anything.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You need to make a wisdom saving throw.
yeah.
Kate: is not good.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you are incapacitated.
Timothy Sackton: charmed and incapacitated staring up at this pretty.
Timothy Sackton: dazzling pattern of.
Timothy Sackton: Of lights.
Timothy Sackton: As as the dragon turtle.
Kate: I should kiss kendra spell.
Timothy Sackton: You would have been useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You are.
Kate: Not now.
Kate: Thinking shield, but I miss understood which the two things do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh OK.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: can't really get away from you.
Rev. David (he/him): would love him to try, though.
Timothy Sackton: that's all he's gonna do that.
Timothy Sackton: That will just turn.
Timothy Sackton: Rio, you are in the water now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um let's see how far on my way.
See wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20 3045 away.
Timothy Sackton: you're a swim is only 35.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, but I can throw my spear.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm at a range of what's what's this 20 versus 60 thing in this in.
Timothy Sackton: Over 20 feet it's you have disadvantage on the attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see okay i'm going to swim over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see two.
And 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so I will swim over to here and then i'll throw my my spirit of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Murder emerging out of the water preparing to deal the death blow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on.
Timothy Sackton: That messes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That it's.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that would hit except he cast shield and your spear bounces off.
Timothy Sackton: All right, marissa you are outdated until somebody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: else sorry no not blue is gonna fucking finish them off his.
Timothy Sackton: needs to die, that I had blue.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That damn it.
Timothy Sackton: marissa you are incapacitated and so somebody shakes you awake so that ends your turn and they're.
Rev. David (he/him): gonna do a great weapon attack to start.
Timothy Sackton: A guy.
Timothy Sackton: that's three.
Timothy Sackton: minus five he's got shield now so that does not have.
Timothy Sackton: What shield last till the start of his turn.
Oh.
Rev. David (he/him): um.
Timothy Sackton: Alright, so it's a 17 is a mess 16 is a mess.
Rev. David (he/him): All right.
Timothy Sackton: turtle is incapacitated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, no, no, no, that was not good.
Rev. David (he/him): No, it was basically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: runs away that sorry I made sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was gonna run over here.
Timothy Sackton: or here last level slot.
Timothy Sackton: Are we going to yes, we are.
Timothy Sackton: You can't get away from you guys so he's gonna go out in a blaze of glory as.
Rev. David (he/him): What, what can you get away from us.
Timothy Sackton: Where is it going to run to.
Rev. David (he/him): what's the exit.
Timothy Sackton: The exits over here, but he doesn't want to swim through the water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's going.
Timothy Sackton: to blaze of glory.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how's that.
Rev. David (he/him): Surely no fireball now.
Rev. David (he/him): that's a fireball I don't think you can target both of us, though.
Timothy Sackton: He gets both of you.
Timothy Sackton: it's 20 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, he is gonna die.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm gonna die to.
Rev. David (he/him): really get 16 left.
Rev. David (he/him): I took a shit ton of damage hitting him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait wait wait, but i'm going to get I get some some thing with the spotlight casting.
Timothy Sackton: The yeah you can cast it again you have more.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see 86 damage.
Timothy Sackton: that's make your tax savings dress.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who.
Timothy Sackton: You both take 11 points of fire damage.
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait but do I do something happened to me never.
Timothy Sackton: Cast absorb elements it's reduced to five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God, I will do that, I have three points left.
Rev. David (he/him): Five wouldn't lift.
Timothy Sackton: And he is looking at you like, why aren't you dad and it is now your turn, are you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God you fucking guy you just like like walks up calmly and like bashes him with this beer hoping to kill them right now is this dude is like the fighting crazy as Guy who is this guy who's this mysterious like insane fire spell caster dude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No longer it's.
Timothy Sackton: No longer has shield, but he does still have made jammer so 14 Mrs Christ.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jesus all right.
Rev. David (he/him): Mrs OK.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK OK.
Rev. David (he/him): For another round.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are fucking blue comes over.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody could also go wake up there, so.
Kate: Blue could wake up.
Rev. David (he/him): Wake up marissa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright blue, how does, how does will make a wake up marissa.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, like land on her head and pull her hair to wake her up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we wake up.
Timothy Sackton: Wake up the turtle or you could wake up the turtle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, let's make a big.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hurdle was gonna wake up the death turtle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will go and like lands on the turtle and like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: packs at him and make some of.
Timothy Sackton: Our guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's let the turtle finish them off of Anders can't do right.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a syrup.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jesus Christ Sanders.
Rev. David (he/him): Alright, so major Armor but no shield.
Timothy Sackton: He doesn't he does not have shield at the moment.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, i'll do a great wealth and attack them he.
Timothy Sackton: might potentially be able to cast it again, you don't know how many stuff lots of yours.
Rev. David (he/him): good enough right.
Timothy Sackton: know that messes.
Rev. David (he/him): With an attack, oh no.
Timothy Sackton: dude i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure it's fun what what's going on here.
Timothy Sackton: On the plus side because you wait hold on me, because you didn't hit him with a melee attack you don't take any damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay turtle the turtle is gonna fucking finished this whole thing off right.
Timothy Sackton: Now turn on his back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: chillin like.
Timothy Sackton: The turtle now lunges out of the.
Timothy Sackton: Water and with his bite.
Timothy Sackton: Which is a.
Timothy Sackton: Natural.
20.
Timothy Sackton: Ah 15 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: And you watch as the turtle just rips this creatures head off.
Timothy Sackton: fire and blood spouting out of.
Timothy Sackton: its neck, and that it just like turns and immediately swims over to let's the body burns comes over to wake up in the USA, like not just you generally like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you alive oh my God.
Kate: shake myself awake look around and say.
Kate: What a great job.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: make friends for life.
Timothy Sackton: At it kind of looks around in it and it swims over.
Timothy Sackton: And it says i'm in Jakarta I assume marissa is translating.
Timothy Sackton: says that the fire is gone.
Timothy Sackton: let's get some.
Timothy Sackton: Acting you the fire is gone.
Kate: Yes, yes, the fire is gone.
Kate: We all work together.
Timothy Sackton: Still hurts.
Kate: huh.
Kate: And I cast healing on a dragon turtle.
yeah.
yeah do that.
I mean.
Kate: First level spell slot or a dragon turtle.
Kate: Do something.
Timothy Sackton: Seven planes.
Kate: Of healings.
Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: looks around.
Timothy Sackton: The fire is dead.
Timothy Sackton: kind of size.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lewd dives into the water and turns into a shark and just like it is kind of like playfully says hello to the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: giant turtle.
Timothy Sackton: kind of swims around in circles.
Timothy Sackton: kind of chasing it's like.
Timothy Sackton: four times the size of blue at least or sorry of Turk.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: The water is nice.
Timothy Sackton: kind of burst out again.
Timothy Sackton: And looks at marissa.
Timothy Sackton: Do you know.
Timothy Sackton: Cut five the flame tongue.
Timothy Sackton: make history check.
Timothy Sackton: Know you've picked up a lot of weird stories maybe you didn't know something.
Timothy Sackton: you're rolling well tonight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you seeing the roles charts.
Timothy Sackton: I send end beyond not enroll 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hardy senior d&d beyond.
Timothy Sackton: The it's in like game log.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh okay.
Rev. David (he/him): what's the.
Timothy Sackton: Like at the top of your characters like a little chat button next to it says like campaign talk are one shots and then this little chat icon if you click on that if it pops up all the roles.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't see that it goes to private messages from.
Kate: Zero to 20.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, you all to 20 m.
Timothy Sackton: The name is.
Timothy Sackton: vaguely familiar to you actually i'm.
Timothy Sackton: This, this is a this is you've only heard you don't know who or what it is um but you know that its associated with like the earliest tales of the of the first people who settled across the north before even the MMA and.
Timothy Sackton: And you know the other Northerner cultures developed, there were.
Timothy Sackton: You know, even before the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the trade Korean empire and back in the sort of deepest annals of.
Timothy Sackton: tiger in history that you know.
Timothy Sackton: There are these like stories of various like godlike creatures of fire and earth.
Timothy Sackton: And this name.
Timothy Sackton: CAFE the flame tongue seems like you can't quite place exactly where you read this other than that it is somehow associated with.
Timothy Sackton: This era.
Kate: say this name has come down in stories from long ago.
Kate: But I only know the name.
Timothy Sackton: wanted to.
Timothy Sackton: speak with him.
Timothy Sackton: He needed.
Timothy Sackton: Something from.
Timothy Sackton: Those poor tiny creatures he made me kill and hurt.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: place on an island to the north off the peninsula.
Timothy Sackton: said, if he had enough power, he could.
Timothy Sackton: heal those who are dead here, those who were long long long past.
Kate: hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can wear as homeless.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That his family.
Kate: Can you can you get home from here, do you know where is a safe place where you can enjoy being.
Timothy Sackton: I will go out to the deep.
Timothy Sackton: West.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does it have family, what is it what is his name.
Kate: What what to those of your kind call you.
Timothy Sackton: hold on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to your last 10 names.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you have a name.
Timothy Sackton: I did any.
Kate: I didn't have a.
Timothy Sackton: chance yeah timmy his name is timmy.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Rev. David (he/him): To me.
Timothy Sackton: No i'm.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Decent name in case this character recurs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All those characters definitely under reoccur.
Timothy Sackton: cesena.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: review is he still in the water we're just where we are now.
Timothy Sackton: you're I mean his his in the wider year sort of on the.
Timothy Sackton: beach I would assume more I mean nurses like standing on the water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah really swims over just to like kind of be like right up next to the just set up, so he can he can see and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, with Turk to Turks kind of like right here as well, on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in Orissa, can you can you introduce us.
Kate: This this.
Kate: He said, these are my friends review and enter.
Kate: i'm.
Kate: You and Andrew I tell you in common that his name is john cena.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Turk.
Kate: Oh yes, and don't forget our our shark friends check.
Timothy Sackton: Inside of nozzles the shark and like.
Timothy Sackton: swims around again and.
Timothy Sackton: looks out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's a child right does he is his family okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: he's young he's young he's like more you know.
Timothy Sackton: juvenile not I wouldn't say not like a like a young child.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, but.
Timothy Sackton: he's he's sort of swimming around.
Timothy Sackton: You know, looking again at nursing says um.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: I will enjoy the deep after this mud.
Timothy Sackton: I will.
Timothy Sackton: swim out West.
Timothy Sackton: and see.
Timothy Sackton: The stars below and.
Timothy Sackton: dazzling lights.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can we contact you again.
Timothy Sackton: Come West.
Timothy Sackton: Look, for the.
Timothy Sackton: dazzling stars below.
Rev. David (he/him): That sounds amazing.
Kate: be a pleasure to see such beauty of where you're from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: birkin find you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Far is your own.
hold on.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: My home is.
Timothy Sackton: everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: cannot live in one place.
Timothy Sackton: Everywhere across the.
Timothy Sackton: The deep ocean.
Timothy Sackton: If you go far enough West.
Timothy Sackton: The ocean turns.
Timothy Sackton: And you're here.
Timothy Sackton: The songs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What songs.
Timothy Sackton: You have not heard the songs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you sing them now.
Timothy Sackton: You haven't.
Timothy Sackton: huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM Rhea Rhea Rhea doesn't know he's talking about right, or is there some kind of lore about like.
Timothy Sackton: Our you as real as no idea what he's talking about i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking epic.
Kate: hold on I say is i'm feeling.
Kate: ready to like Charter but just sail West.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're all ready to go yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like What else do you get to meet a dragon turtle I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You kind of us have said.
Timothy Sackton: That the songs of the one new era.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ever heard of that 10.
Timothy Sackton: wisdom check.
Timothy Sackton: Just straight was done.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I asked, I just Turco what he's talking about.
Timothy Sackton: Now well you normally mean you, you don't have like a telepathic link with Turk right right like Turk understands your commands but, like you, don't.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you cast the spell you don't have regular.
conversation.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you.
Timothy Sackton: don't spend so much time in the ocean, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: You can't hear the songs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you sing one now.
Timothy Sackton: He starts to sort of.
Timothy Sackton: monitor sort of below his almost below the limit of your hearing and you start to hear the sound.
Timothy Sackton: Of surf crashing.
Timothy Sackton: And then it begins to modulate slightly and there's like a pitch layered on top of it so there's like this rolling base speed of surf crashing and then overlaid On top of that there's like a hum a.
Timothy Sackton: tonal not not like a single pitch, but like a almost like a haunting melody in a.
Timothy Sackton: In a higher register.
Timothy Sackton: very slow change of pitch.
Timothy Sackton: And then it begins to slow.
Timothy Sackton: Do not know many songs yet.
Timothy Sackton: I have much swimming to do.
Kate: Can I copy some of the changes and pitch with like my loot or something.
ice.
Timothy Sackton: maker maker performance.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: learn the songs of the ocean.
Kate: So 13 I great.
Timothy Sackton: it's I mean you get some of that it's hard to copy you, you get it enough that you think you could you at least remember the tunes so you can practice that he is not particularly impressed but but he's impressed enough to be like because he's like you know.
Timothy Sackton: completely.
Timothy Sackton: Convinced you're his personal savior.
Timothy Sackton: To be like you know that's nice like you're doing a good job, but like not as clearly doesn't sound the same, but if you work at it, you could probably get it like the melody is stuck in your head.
Kate: I can practice.
Timothy Sackton: Now I show.
Timothy Sackton: leave for the ocean.
Kate: Do we need his help to get closer to shore, so that we can get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To we don't have a boat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yard our new sink so actually APP but let's ask him for a run.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For it back by the hungry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: order to the to the to the lizard man village because that's where my bonus.
Kate: yeah or at least close by.
Kate: um can you start your journey by bringing us a little bit closer to the button the shore for you get to the deep waters, please.
Timothy Sackton: He like things for a minute and then he says.
Timothy Sackton: I will do that for you, yes.
Timothy Sackton: your friends may come along as well.
Thank you.
Kate: Everybody read the giant turtle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, wait wait so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As we're riding back to the lizard man village, can we ask him to like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like are there other are there other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: friends in the deep ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can meet.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: Many that live in the deep ocean.
Timothy Sackton: They sing the songs.
Timothy Sackton: They tell the tales of the waters of life.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, come.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How, how are you captured.
Timothy Sackton: I remember little from my youth.
Timothy Sackton: I have been.
Timothy Sackton: captive for many years.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: cannot be stopped from hearing the songs that ECHO in the sea.
Timothy Sackton: But I did not remember.
Timothy Sackton: Being free until now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I told is.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Probably not more than.
Timothy Sackton: 2025.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty young.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you have heard legends of dragon turtles and adult dragon turtles are like three times its size.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right.
Timothy Sackton: So, as he swims back.
Timothy Sackton: You like standing clearly on the top like waving like signaling to everybody that this is not a threat.
Timothy Sackton: yeah as the as the beast approaches.
Timothy Sackton: Lets you off you explain what happened to the lizard folk.
Timothy Sackton: He is, and then the turtle turns to the ocean dives once more.
Timothy Sackton: And swims out to see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, I have, I have blue just i'm just like blue go have fun go go go go enjoy dodge go have fun journey with the turtle and learn what you can and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take your time coming back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Good just swims out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I haven't I send them out into the Bush and just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm thinking like at least a week, maybe longer.
Timothy Sackton: Or, just like go.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just going to leave this here in case anybody wants to look at it, I asked his truck treasure map.
Rev. David (he/him): What is this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: armory.
Timothy Sackton: How memories, right here, this is the treasure map you got from.
Timothy Sackton: High Asa.
Kate: And there was this X at the top of the River was the.
Timothy Sackton: play moment your.
Timothy Sackton: Car.
Kate: into review her core and we were just told about a island north, it has a little X on it also.
Kate: And the symbol of some other.
Kate: Possibly tunde.
Kate: entity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the island to the north.
Kate: The turtle would say the turtle dragon said that.
The.
Kate: Fire necromancer do not necromancer is the fire major Dudes wanted to get a bunch of gazza and go speak to the data.
Kate: Island north of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here right oh Fuck that's why they wanted the gods say yeah that's what the Gospel so the lizard folk do that have ceremonies where they can speak to dead people and what they were doing earlier huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, you have to remember.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to report back, not necessarily right this moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it is blues adventures, with the turtle guys I want Buddha.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fun party like it's like spring break.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20 you know, whatever and go like are like a key be gone for a month like I don't care, just like like go like learn about the turtles listen to some songs you know.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you return to town.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: You know, say your goodbyes you may make it back contemplating these experiences i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Considering notes to share with was easier also recalling as you return to town that someday you'll have to mention to to yaz the old ocean watcher who lives.
Timothy Sackton: With the one new retailer and see if he knows anything of that.
Timothy Sackton: But that will be for another night.
Timothy Sackton: As it is late.
wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.